See you later
crocodile when I saw you
suddenly approached me
I remembered when I saw that
I remembered the day I
you left and said without mercy
See you later
crocodile you did not pass
crocodile you are no longer an alligator
my love
interested, don't bother me anymore in my ear
that
you said I almost died when I heard it
You said I almost died
but today as
You came back, I'll tell you that, see you later.
crocodile you did not pass
See you later
crocodile no
Your love passes now, I do not
I'm not interested anymore
[Music]
bother you
she told me
dad you have to me
forgive me she told me
Daddy, you have to
forgive and how
crocodile and myself to cry that
You will say jokingly today I have
that you will say it as a joke today I have
And although you are already my
misfortune I have to tell you
say goodbye
crocodile you don't pass ca
bad See you later crocodile
you didn't pass
c and you
love, don't bother me anymore
bad until long
crocodile you did not pass
See you later
crocodile
Bye
[Music]
Good
thank you
Thank you very much to everyone
[Applause]
poren when I saw that you
you were approaching I had to
remember
when I saw that you
you were approaching I had to
remember the day I
You voted and you told me mercilessly, let's see you
[Music]
if you did not pass
Alligator you did not pass
Alligator, your love no longer interests me.
don't bother me anymore
more when hearing what
you said almost me
I died to hear what
I died for that and how did you come back today? Just you
I say it to you
[Applause]
[Music]
knows
you didn't pass
c love me
[Applause]
[Music]
inter
She called me daddy
you have to be cute
forgive but as a good
crocodile to
cry
that today I already have another one
wanting that will not say jokingly today I already have
other
want and although I am my contempt alone
I have to
[Music]
say
in English you
[Music]
dir
sauce
[Applause]
[Music]
Santi when I saw that you
you were approaching I had to
remember when I saw you
remember the day you dumped me
and you said without
Mercy See you later
crocodile you did not pass
See you later
that your love no longer leaves me
interested, don't bother me anymore when I heard it
I almost died
to the oo that
you said almost me
I died with it like
You came back, I tell you
so see you later
crocodile
you didn't pass
up to
then you went from
I will not burn your love anymore
interested, don't bother me anymore
[Music]
more LL gave cute daddy
you have to me
forgive me, I tell myself
Papao, you have to
forgive and how
crocodile
cry this You will say it in
joke today I already have
another this You will say it in
joke today
I have you cry my
I just have to say
cuc see you later
cuc you didn't pass
from Until
then you didn't go beyond
And if you still don't
you understand in English you
[Music]
They will say don't pass
No
not am
interested in bothering one
[Music]
[Applause]
bl
for the last one and we start, okay the last one
and
we started the last one and
[Music]
we started what I thought was that of loving
no longer existed
that kisses are given anywhere
corner I thought that loving
It was just a game but I look at you and it's that
I die for
having you next to me to invest my life in
get excited and
I will win the game, time will tell
I lost, I ask every day that your soul be mine
guide until the last kiss that says goodbye
this way and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
I
in front of
If the world separates, I'll stay with you.
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
You want me to stay, I'll stay
With you, what do I care about things and
When I smile I turn around and
I'm
with you
with you I pour my life
get excited and
I win the game as long as it takes
[Applause]
I lost every day that your soul is my
guide to the last kiss you desire via
and I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you
[Music]
in front of investing my life nor
get excited and
I heard my Elena, five members are already leaving
over here on the screen
that's it
lost
and I ask every day that your soul be my
[Music]
guide that
and
[Music]
Very good request Manuel Muño Man
asking a lot the chat is a lot by
God, well, we don't kiss him.
Manuel here Manuel Muñoz you also have
that you stop by there and give him a kiss
From our side one day it has to come
I also talked to him about it and one day he has
to come but I'm going to bring it
I'll probably bring it in person to
that we have a talk here in the
I'm probably going to bring the study but
here in person let's have a chat
in the studio Well I don't know why but
see several things are happening now
several things are happening right now
things worth point number one yesterday one day
very happy for me yesterday eh a very day
Happy for me yesterday what a surprise they gave me
Hey, I left you without a live show. I didn't know that.
I left you without a live show. But what a surprise!
Hey, how they scammed me, how they deceived me.
eh until the last moment that I
They made me wake up and I stopped going
protesting until happy eh Let's see no
I can open WhatsApp, I can't Chari
A kiss Thank you very much to those who are here
giving away member I have to throw this away
know the members How will you see me not
You talk on WhatsApp because this is
I'm getting stuck and I don't know why
what stops a lot Yes look you were me
Saying this on WhatsApp I don't know what it is
what is incompatible I just closed
WhatsApp and I understand that it was the
incompatibility eh yes I know but also
He has now caught on a bit when
I have put Manuel in full screen
true when I put Manuel in
full screen has also been left
a bit
caught I don't know the truth is that I think that
maybe I have to update
browser I don't know, let's see what Ivan thinks about
this
Very good topic, very happy, fantastic
yesterday's Well yesterday and this morning
Hey, this morning I also brought
to my wings to yours
plane if it had been me who knows that
It doesn't go away in the morning either, I tell you
there is interference No it
I know I would like to see the reunion, I don't
I have Twitter but I just put it
on Twitter come on If you want I'll put it a
second
Hello Isabel, how beautiful you look. Let's see.
wait, they're talking to me too
The Indian is talking to me over here
Because there's a lot of movement today. Eh, okay, okay.
we have to we have to do one
we have to make a short stop
short stop to what I had planned
because for that reason
seen the bomb Comes out right now V for the
seeing the bomb he reported me for
send you what you asked me for and I
I went through the Treasury administration and
I have a question for you about
you and about your
little things, watch out, eh, what Angel is not here for
Now in the live shows, Angel is not there.
will be getting ready is dressing up
Romano now to go out to the ring I said it
for what you said they called you
eat that I had put it in the
yellow this direct Ah okay okay okay
Adana, let's see, we'll see now
calmly eh we will see this now
calmly go up that ja
olaer
Of course, another one is no longer a bastard, as it is
they reverse the roles in the end it goes to
end up being the Freaky tuber and me the
that he reacts and the pains
blackmail disease
emotional with urine is a
emotional blackmail in all
rule come on, you're going to throw away what I don't
I said nothing to Loli Huerta because I
I talked to Loli and the conversations
I'm not going to tell you about Loli. I don't believe it.
that Zor Cotilla has returned, I can
play I think Sorco has come home
when they are publicly saying that
we are killing ourselves alive that we are
vying for Loli Huera's money
What I tell Loli is not that your friend
Peppa is an interested person, she is your friend.
Peppa is so not seeing that she is not
then I am confirming in a certain way
way what the others are
saying I have to let it be wrong
by itself
You understand yourself and when Loli wants you
will tell his part of the story if necessary
what do you want, what do you fancy, and so on, I can
tell my part now you have to tell the
yours if you want and feel like it because the
Loli Huera's channel is not for
This is in theory but it can be done
talk if Loli wants to talk on my channel
you can call by phone or you can
tell me tomorrow opens a special that
Loli Huerta speaks about this topic
So I give my channel a voice as it is
I have given it before and Loli tells it
but I'm not going to put you in a difficult situation
has been
cut has been
Hey, what's the matter with him?
This Today
so what the [ __ ] is going on
from this then
man, I don't know what's wrong with this today, man.
Well, here we go, it is the Stream and
but come on, I put it at 720
for the same reason because I was seeing that it was
I was catching it and I was seeing that it was catching and
I put it at 720 for the same reason, man.
see the most I can do Of course
that
I make one go out and come back but I don't go
I'm going to go out
Well, let's see if it's too much of a nuisance.
Well, we'll have to think about eliminating it.
and start over but come on, come on
roll go
I kept quiet about Loli's satiety.
I observed and as much as I could
I took away Loli's will to see if I
You understand Loli's will.
He would remove it if Antonio says he has no excuse
If it has been, if she is your friend, you recommend her.
well let the rest of us think what
Let us think that what you were worried about was
Do you think I know what she was getting at?
that she said to him, let me tell you one
move this this right now is not going to
let go of anything this is going to get longer
has been live for an hour and a half and this
He wants to stick for 5 hours and he has done it
already said Sonia a kiss gorgeous
eh When they say the bomb the click or
Well, Racel or someone send it to me and
We see the bomb but I'm not going to be there.
swallowing a man from there in pajamas
that he is not going to comment on anything until inside
in a couple of hours, you understand, let's go
go on talking let's go on talking gossip and
Let's see there
things but how it cuts me off
it turns out that it is
[Music]
Well, those glasses don't suit you. Okay.
But what a displeasure people have here
today with my glasses Well my daughter the
glasses are what they are, I like Mata
with contact lenses but I have a bad eye
I can't wear glasses, what I have is what I am
As I am, I look the same but with a
glasses
set Of course but it's that the whole
world Telling me things about the glasses and me
I look the same, I look the same but with glasses
tesa has been
fallen is already fine Javi Ah that Iran more
not backwards but he has put it there
Tesa tesa I don't think I'm going back
tesa I don't think I'm going to
back It's that what do I do? It means that
What solution can I really find for it?
I would do this the most I could do
It would be to turn off the live show and go back to
restart it but what a pain no I mean
what sense
I would have a good time there, I've seen that
Loli Huerta is donating it, look at it or
sea ​​but Loli is like
Loli is like sailing between the two
seas eh I mean because Loli was like
This afternoon there is the little I could see
Loli was there this afternoon in her in the
straight from Peppa and I was giving her the
Peppa's reason on this matter
and and they were like justifying that when
He paid him the 50
turkeys when he paid him the 50 turkeys not 50
members to those of Troy when it was
starting to criticize the climber of course
people said Look Loli Loli giving money
where is where they are criticizing the
climb it turns out that it was
justifying it by saying that it is that she
I wasn't listening to the live show that
I had it set without sound but of course it is
that now La la climbs, climbs not the
Loli just gave away another 50 members
and just gave Troy 20 and puts
These 50 are conscientious Although
it would be preferred that I don't know what it is
It means that it would be preferred that I
you would say to me
Well, for now, I'm watching the live show on ARD.
We're going to leave Troy on standby.
because all that's missing is our live show
now try to see the heart of Troy
here and wait 5 hours for it to release the
bomb, that is, I think the most logical thing is
that the most logical thing is that when you release
the bomb and say something because obviously
People will let us know, so let's go.
Let's continue with the programming
that we had prepared for
to entertain us and not to see this
gentleman there extending the live broadcast that
He sits there like Paco de Lucía
The Indian wasn't saying it right now
By
There we go, there we go, seeing everything else, let's go
there seeing everything else and we were
preferred to entertain us is not giving
too many turns I'm falling asleep in
his live show no but of course he is going to do it
extend 5 hours then while
We are going to comment on everything that
We have to comment on Marta Riesco Olga
Dark
and then we will get on the donkey
In half an hour an hour will go up
To the donkey here also with me to go
commenting on the topic
eh And what the climber has done too
these
days So I think we're going to
pass for now and then we'll see
then we will enter if he drops the bomb
We react to it and if it doesn't let go, well
nothing but racel is here and he is
cute and all, so in any case
moment if something happens they will tell me
send them and the reunion is here
Come on, I'll put the click of the reunion
But if it is already in
Twitter let's see Is this actually
It was a video. This was actually
a video No the video is not prepared
clear evidently or so this was
because Lorena decided to
record it. I mean, they made me the best.
they made the 13th
14 tomorrow we do the Mimi the
Mimi the mini JJ tomorrow is a holiday. Well no.
I know if tomorrow I don't know if Lorena has done
plans tomorrow because he told me he had
made plans like almost every day
I think one day I met him last week
Enrique and the woman too, I don't know what day
eh but one day I meet with Enrique but
Tomorrow if we do live shows, no, it won't be.
Tomorrow if we do it live it will be in full
of the
heart because also tomorrow if it comes
I dareol that I'm going to invite him, I don't know if
You may be able to because I haven't told you anything yet.
and he goes and maybe tells me the same thing as
The other time Jai is that you have not warned me
I don't know if there will be tomorrow but if I do
debate tomorrow which is Wednesday will be a
debate of a debate of the heart by
example Enrique does not like to deal with the
friker good does not like to deal with
freaky the bastard takes one for himself
channel but
Well I don't think he wants to get into it
the climbing wing and that one
People So tomorrow we will have a debate
If I'm here at night and we do
debate whether collaborators can
because I don't know if they will be able to because it won't be
It won't be a geek, it will be from the heart. Today
It's going to be a bit of everything, my Roman.
very handsome I'm going to see the members let's go
see the reunion But I'm going to see the
members okay while we see the
reunion to tell you how much
have
not really
No, I'll send you the video now.
Now I will describe the video to you.
pintto Avis at night the
pint mother
my mother of mine
[Laughs]
[Music]
come on that's why we had to come to
midday how strong it is that what a deception
eh, what a deception, let's see
we had been doing a live show
night before no I mean yes of course
exactly the night before I was
saying I don't have to go we're not going
spend TR hours on the geeky tues because
I have to get up very early, I don't know
And then we had met Tesa
at night for dinner the next day
because I was passing by here okay And and
Now I take it and I find myself when I
I go to bed at 5 in the morning
because I'm here eh I'm here I started to
play F
Guy me here I started playing Fall Guy for
the night
I calm down and start playing F Guy and
When I get into bed, Lorena says
who told me that in the end we have to stay
At noon I wouldn't even listen to that or anything.
when he wakes me up at 1
I, my father here, I don't know what he says, no, that
As soon as your father leaves, we'll leave.
that we met at noon in the end
I say in the middle
day but what kind of world do we live in?
that I get out of
day or so here we are
midday But what is this a meal of
company or what the hell is it you know
midday with the sun hitting my face and everything
you know and of course I was pissed off, I was going, I was going
protesting eh I was protesting I was half
Because well Texas was coming you know
So, well, but I say, eh, you had
that having stayed at night in the
night I am more awake you know I was going
asleep I was in a bad mood accompanying my
father to pick up the children from school I don't know
what and I was in a bad mood and I was going without talking to him
My father was asleep on the road and
On top of that, my eye hurt, do you remember?
Do you remember that at night you remember?
that at night my eye hurt,
I said they are bothering my eye because
I didn't stay playing anymore. Look, I'm going.
protesting they are recording me without me
I realize and I go protesting I go
I would have gone crazy at night, I don't know
that
no night with the kids and everything better
Good night, better he painted me
He warned me last night that I just left.
mother
My goodness, and this one comes out of the door
Of the clear ones I say of course I did not connect
at that moment the neurons
and I did not connect at that time the
neurons be me the last the last thing that
I would expect it to be the larne
Of course I didn't connect it I didn't I didn't
I connected the neurons. That is, if it is a
person that I see every day because
I cross paths with her and oh what are you doing here? Of course, but
I'm not here look here still here I'm not
I had realized that it was her I
I thought it was one that came out of the Hotel to
tell me something
and that's it, you tell me now you know
Damn, I just woke up to people.
greeting me and of course when I saw him
face I saw that it was the lasne clear and clear
I don't think it fit here in this
moment now look at me here I am already
starting to realize that it was her right
Of course and now here I am thinking, I don't
The numbers come out clearly, they don't come out for me
numbers I say yes yes we have done a
directly, for a while now I can't get the
numbers
Of course, of course, JJ, it's just that I couldn't get them right.
denial phase numbers
You Know Me
It was square. But how could it be clear, I say?
It's a magic trick, you know, I'll tell you how it goes.
to be how it will be the denial phase
Of course saying no, look, look, I say
but how is it going to be or it can't be or
let it be clear that it crossed my mind
Doing my calculations I say this
idiot brought a laptop or
something and has done the live from the
hotel Of course it doesn't fit me Of course
not me
square when I have gone to bed
We had done a live show of the freaks
tubers that's why we had to come to the
noon what
I can't believe it, I can't believe it
You're selling with Ivan, what the [ __ ]? Of course.
I already said the glasses, the glasses will be there
also the glasses I already saw the glasses I already saw it
I've seen it, I say the glasses will be there.
also the glasses But well he wasn't there
glasses But well the glasses What's wrong with me
glasses Why is everything being invested in
My But well, it made me very excited
eh be very very happy very happy
very true
happy tesa messed up tesa messed up of course he
glasses I say, there are glasses now
the glasses come out the glasses come out there will be that
hit him
host How how to see Maria well
Confirm me Indian wait he's talking to me
he
Indian, okay, let's see, you're sending me
things rewind two Direct two minutes
ok rewind 2 minutes Indian
eh what what
I used to give so much and now I give very little.
for you
No Antonio, I'm here, I'm not here.
You hear me asking what you
have you told it to yourself or are you telling me
asking me not what you have said
what I have said is true and if it is not
It is certain that my mother does not die
what is
queich d more people the fact is that I
I have spoken this with Peppa or rather ard of
Troy has said something to Loli that Loli
Although more people have told him so
time now when he has told the one of
Troy has squared it Look, I'll tell you
What is certain is that I am completely
I'm sure I'm going to tell you what is certain
without seeing it before seeing it before seeing it
I'm going to tell you what it is now
Hey
the climb and I already told you this in the
face in the debate we had but it is not
That I told him is because I knew it
because she has gone openly
saying a lot of people climb it
has a lot of conversations gone on
leaving conversations because then as
Many people have tried to get closer.
He has been talking to all the people afterwards
the same and the climb has a lot of
conversations with people who have
I said I'm going to take this out on Loli, I'm going to
take it out
another then Of course I understand that Now
when he told him about it, the ard of Troy
because Troy is burning, see if it is the
climber has been telling it around
telling that to people who weren't his
friend Imagine what he must have told her
to
This is what I brought you
saying all week that it would be the
bomb that is sure to be the one that the Troy arson
Take Loli, she told him something about her.
look at this this these are t this is you
Friend, look, do you want to get the money?
I want to get the money out, I'm going to get it out.
I'm going to ask you for the other thing if it is
But let's see what his condition is.
Nor is there anything else said, there is something
that is you
betraying well I often do
Pepa told you not to talk so much that you
They are betraying, it doesn't matter. That is to say
If I have already said what you have
said is because it has been my
friend apart
eh I can also say that every time
I used to have a super chat on a site or in
another one because she sent me the screenshot
came behind to say look I know and
and then it's that it's never really
been my friend because hey look I'm going to
say one
thing apart from the bombshell that is coming
Afterwards I can't believe it myself.
This, I mean, I knew this, I know this
I've obviously been saying this for months.
but what I can't believe is that she
there is
What I can't believe is that
now it has been given
account, that is, I would contact her
controlling the Super chat goes
controlling the super chat but that's it
He has already been controlling the here too
Super chat that the other gave and pointed out
in a notebook today on telesalseo has given
so much so much so much he does it he does it
He is waiting for the money from the
Loli or not Or is this it
This is a nuclear bomb.
I would say that I suddenly dropped a bombshell.
but they are falling
Well now it's going to fall
another one, tell it yourself
The fact that we are at 513 likes is your decision.
he
bombshell the bombshell the bombshell that you're going
Let me tell you how I'm going to tell you
count if I don't know the moment to which you
refers to the fact that breastfeeding friends
They are betraying her and they are betraying me
sending the messages that are bothering me
selling from behind because it is believed that
he's selling me for and
I knew it I knew it I knew it ago
I knew it months ago But oh well
let's see but it's that I have I don't know
How many live shows I have, I don't know how many
direct warning of
I don't even know how many live shows I have.
warning of
this but let's see if I am
saying I is because I already have everything
the world, that is, I am young and
I look younger in person, right?
but I already have a lot here between me
I have a lot of street and when I haven't
I had street I have collected on the internet
and on the internet I have thrown everything into the mud
for 7 8 years I've seen them but it's
that apart from that you don't have to be a lynx either
to realize what the profile is
of the
Peppa So Peppa's condition is
the one that is Look let's go let's go
Look at Peppa's condition, it's the one that
is look
You're going to freak out with what they just told me.
send it by WhatsApp I'm going to call her to see
if you want to tell it here
[Music]
wait for it
What's up p Hello
nights what you want you want
live Claro where I live
Where is it is live free if not no
I would be alive I would be sleeping What's going on
daughter Oh, I'm peeing, I'm catching
Oh
reason Of course but if I wear it
saying months but for taking me the
contrary for wanting to take the story from me
Tell me what you wanted to tell me, okay.
I already know what it is because you already know
I've read it but you want to tell it here
It's clear that Mira listens to me, it's great.
It's that like that, it's so good like that
Whatever I understood is great
Tell me, I'm feeling so
identified with what they are telling
tonight he sent her some gummies and
I pay you the refund and it's still there
waiting for the refund Of course I say
Damn, I bought you a gift that you didn't
we said the name because not when you
you give something away you don't advertise and
we said p p You remember that you said today
I was already telling Lorena that
Lorena didn't remember Mario.
Mario is a gift It is a gift from the
Peppa and Pili who told me that
They said paypay dig well pu Okay then
I say paypay I don't know the nonsense because
Everyone knows who they are but
turns out to be
what what results
It turns out that well, I'm already in
I contacted Lorena and I sent her 60
60 Yes and I say Well nothing between the two of us
We do No no Lorena told me today
He says Pili gave me the money, I didn't.
I knew it was a gift from the climber
Of course, yes, yes, I gave it to her and
Peppa had to pass it to me.
30 and what happened
Well, it will have stayed for the
Nothing has come to me on the way, don't you
gave the
30 damn now I see that Mario doesn't
I say he has removed Mario because he does not
No daughter, I had it down there, I had it here.
up also a time now is here
above the display case daughter is here
Of course it's here where it's going and the
Mario is entirely mine of course, that is to say,
Mario is a gift from you in the end it is not
a gift from both is not from PP it is from p
The point is Pili's, of course it hasn't happened to me.
arrived nothing would forget is that it is yours
condition or they are 30 but it is their
condition is that it is that is in it
You're not going to change that at 70.
It is her condition she is
so damn that's good but it's that I'm
hearing the other saying that he is
still waiting for him to send it to you
refund of the gummies But you how
that I was going to pay for it. Of course that didn't suit me.
You never said that about Mario, I
yesterday the line and the
Tesa and I told her look at the Mario she gave me
Pili and the climber and and and of course and not
they knew
Nobody I give as a gift and I'm not going to give it to him
is interested in the
people have also given me gifts
doll they also the Statue already already already
I know it already. Well yes, well anyway. Hey, me.
It arrived now for Christmas but it is
your condition, that is, I'll sneak in a kiss for you
Honey, we continue with the live broadcast that you
He listens very badly, that is, that is his
condition is that it is a person who
that goes with that
pitiful little thing Mimi are
pathetic no way it can't be done
you can't do that
doing that can't be done
that must be compensated for that H height
Simply saying sorry is not enough. That's it.
we must compensate but no no no
that no, that's not possible and that's it.
the other working That is no longer possible
That must be compensated, yes, it must be compensated, yes
He wants to compensate him for an unnecessary
She will already know about the trial, but let's go
that what is yours
condition is or is that is part of
her if the other has already put the 30 and
she may not put it or not put it or
be that goes in it That's it
That's how it is and I said it from the first
moment we go from the first moment no
we had her here look at her she let's go
go to let's try a few of
topics worth before the net goes up that
I don't want to leave them without commenting on her
Hey, she found out there were YouTubers.
who lived off YouTube that there were kids
who lived off YouTube and then
Which were the two most powerful of that
moment the two most powerful of that
moment the jav Juanjo and she was crazy
behind me and Juanjo for hooking up
and got hooked [ __ ] that went up to more than one
direct uploaded more than one direct than the W
He told me, "Uncle, turn it down, turn it down, I don't know what."
I say leave her, she's telling things.
about Big Brother, which is fine
Carrasco and her are not going to be touched either.
got it, let's go, it went up directly from me with
the guajo when I got along well with
the guano and the and the and then with me
defended such and such and went and we went and
we were establishing a relationship and I
I already knew the intention that he would have
it was to create a channel and such because it is
that you could see you know what I didn't
I imagined that the channel wanted it for
being your move is a person that you do not
You can give him that, you can't give him that.
that is the responsibility of having a
medium is a person who
no this is like juanca juanca
You can't give it to Juanca either.
what makes you upset, it takes you
and he tells you I don't know what he tells you I don't know how much
then he takes you and puts you in the titles that
puts you or rather it is a person you to
Any of them sounds tough to me but why
Yes, but well, it's not the same, eh? There is
people that you don't there are people that you don't
change in life You have been able to be
when young more tracts more hooligan more
whatever but there are people who are from
a condition and there are people that you don't
You can give him the responsibility, huh?
is this Or because this in the end you are
you bigger or less Big In the end
This is not a responsibility that
We learn over time
Okay, hey, then allowing this and
I don't allow this in the chat. Before I
It didn't matter more now I allow it more
because I realize this I realize
account of the other and this is one
responsibility because in the end even if
Let there be 1,2000,3000,4000 people who
behold you have here a means because the
people Trust yourself and people make it clear
Damn, is that what has treated you?
wait, he has treated you
Javi moment Call Carmen who will be there
I piss myself laughing, I invited Carmen
today but he hasn't been able to, he's with dareol
Today if Carmen is at home she can
come whenever you want but it is that it is
I had an appointment today with
dareol tomorrow maybe Carmen will come
I think I don't know I don't know, well tomorrow is a holiday
But Carmen will definitely come on Sunday.
that he is a guy
week to a few weeks after starting
with the channel you have already been treated O
whether this or this has come out now
The subject of the donation is from the
association this has come out now but that
is from
June which is from June which is not from
now it has come out
Now that the channel is created, it is already
The first thing that occurred to him was you know what?
what I tell you or that is, it is going to be the
Loli Bicha, Loli has told him
how much super chat is going on for everyone
channels and sent him a capture for
tell him look look what you've given I don't know
how much in this channel that you have given I don't know
how much in this other one
channel now let's go now
we are going to
see
let's see let's see come on come on come on come on How much
I rewind how much the account is
public No because it does not send permission
He gave me permission and sent me a sheet but
a leaf that I know was the leaf and
and and but I have permission and I go and I go to
put him as a spy because Spain has given me
permission to put everything that eh yes
you want to be my friend show me that
You are my friend, not an enemy in disguise.
as a friend and you hit me in the ass
back and then you expect me to
respect and maybe and maybe
we are doing this tomorrow they give me
permission to
put it I have that I have that
question can I put it can I put it
if I feel like it because it is a
donation that is yours to see where it goes
step back further
back
Then the priest hears himself recorded
by the
parish priest contacted him
parish priest But the lady
Beltrán, well, the bomb, the bomb here.
here
where anyone who wants to work and
of search and the lady will not only have
that teach the
date of the last donation and
remembered the vizum he received that day
I think he received B, I'm not sure.
about that but I think that mine is
realized because it has taught it yes
yours was a superchat has nothing to do with it
They have asked me if I have
asked if one of the vi had it
made you say and say no Loli was a
super chat of
100 is that I didn't understand it well, that was it
a question Let's see what happens but the
lady tran Aha as far as I know Aha I know
contacted the parish priest Ajá de
the Aha parish And in both cases I think
that Loli will be able to confirm that herself.
want now or tomorrow on your channel O
whenever she wants if she wants
confirm or deny it because you don't either
I'm going to put that one in that one
Loli's stance to date has not
spoken with the parish priest to Loli he was
provided an account number where he made
the income And where did he put the concept of
what is Yes yes I I have not spoken with
the priest, that is to say, and now to top it off
I am making the Christmas donation
trying and nobody knows me I don't know and
no you don't know me, that is to say that you have
called to the parish and they don't give you
no reason the parish no but I
what
I know no, nobody knows me there
Now for Christmas and why you?
You count what I have because I no longer have it.
I do no no no I have not told that you
you want to donate there just release it yourself
I have told that you were given a
account number a recorded message by
he
parish priest who could be
Anyone, if we think badly, could be
anyone And now I put my hand to the
Madam, don't just show the date of La
ultimate donation but rather introduce us to the
parish priest and show us that this
donation was the account number of the
parish And that is my
bomb because they are
2000 1000 and 1000 to the same number of
account to the same parish because I
I started looking and it turns out that there are faces
parish has its account number
eh parish face is a
association of which he was president or
honorary president this parish priest who
I'm not going to give any names or details.
want me to search
Google
mu yes I heard the name of the call the
Peppa's direct donations
name of the parish priest an audio is heard
with the voice
parish priest and all those little things then
I generated a series
I would be delighted if Mrs.
Beltrán, in addition to reporting me to the guard
civil for drug trafficking or
that he wants to report me, clarify that for me
tomorrow the day after when she creates
well of the little one no
answer
Answer no but this is already quite strong.
No way, but this is already quite strong.
kid
host but this has already gone to
for all
hasn't gone all out yet
Of course, my goodness, the things that
times that they will have said to Loli Loli
This Loli it
other or rather I have not understood very well The
What they are saying is that
Supposedly Peppa gave him a number
account to Loli saying that it was for
that you donate to a
parish and the parish now no
answer
mother host
mine
Host: Well, that's something we have to find out.
[Music]
Hey
Well, we have to find out that tomorrow, Ivan.
we will have to call the parish No man
They have already called, right?
Host So he said the name of the parish priest
and all the aunt saying name of
parish priest, that is, he gave himself the name of a
parish priest and now the parish priest no
It exists clearly. You have to be careful to see
If what Loli says is true
eh You have to be careful to see if what
Loli says it's true but
Man, let's go to Loli this afternoon.
I was with her on a call that was
realized now at night
inside [ __ ] dude and on top of that Loli now
in demand with us eh that
today the climb in the call is still
I was telling Loli that the lawsuit
no, it will never reach him. And what if he
It turns out that it's not going to happen to him
nothing
today still in the call that that piece
yes I have seen it
Hey, I've seen that car, I've seen that one.
in the car today she still climbs it
I was saying that they had Loli
called and was telling him that he didn't
nothing will happen with the lawsuit that How
how is anything going to happen to him with the
demand when we have it
mentioned to her clear man that
we mention you justify the the
la la la retail and the collection of
accusations of crimes and insufficiency that
You have made us, let's go, what do you think?
that because of what has happened to the line, it is not
you are going to
pay my mother mother
my mother
mine no no I don't trust what she says
Loli, we have to wait, of course, we have to
wait for what happens
What happens is that there are already many
things like this
but he doesn't care, says Cris to the climber
the bun falls, he doesn't care, tomorrow he takes it and
will say that the chili is very bad and that
I don't know about the chili pepper
why the hell aren't you messing with him today?
Alne's physique that I have kept
that part was messing with him
physical of the alne as how you are going to
mess with the physique of
alne And on top of that being you and on top of that being
You say it's not that the larne that what
short is a leg a one of my legs
one leg of mine is the whole body of y
I say, what the hell are you talking about?
I am with you in person and you are a
Canary, what the hell are you telling me?
that the other the whole body is one
your leg if I have video there
with you on telesalseo in
cadi Javi Why do you doubt Loli?
opinion man because Loli You know that
has a perception of reality
many times that no that it is not the
reality Loli has many sees one
perception of reality
that it is not then we have to wait for
Tomorrow this will be clear Tomorrow for sure
because people Ahá will investigate And
He will call and the whole thing just like it happened
with that of the
cancer tell me pill
queen who has told her ex that they have
there are you listening to me yes yes we are listening to you
OK, there have been people who instead
From Super chat they gave bizum and what has happened?
past with those bizum that was for
the pause also refers to the live show
of cancer Yes yes yes there were some that
They didn't see each other because they were clearly visum
that and that is that he has not said anything or so yet
Now he hasn't said anything about the visas of
that day nothing has released him tonight his
ex-friend who have gone to complain to him that
She gave and she hasn't counted those
Of course, that's exactly your condition. That's your
condition Pita what is releasing
host come a kiss let me know any time
Vale thing is one is its
profile is your clear profile about B if I
It fits me, that's not what I'm telling you anymore.
Loli fits me because when you
you are in a live you give for O is the
people are giving you super chat and you
gives for bison
climbing is not going to give any results either
explanation we are going to
see we have the photo of the parish priest we have
The photo of the parish priest has just been sent to me
send the
Indian we have the photo of the
parish priest, let's see, wait for the photo of the parish priest
I have it, I have it, I have it, I have the photo
of the parish priest
We have the photo of the vine
see there are 100
members if we reach 2000 members
this night which is very
easy that it is very easy with that
let's give five each when we arrive
I promise you that the money raised in
those members go to me and also that I
I fulfill it, I'll show it to you when
you want five members each and you
I show the photo of the
parish priest five members each and you
parish priest, I have it, I have it on my cell phone
The photo tells me the Indian that that is the one
parish priest
Javi Don't teach the priest what guilt
Marce has become involved with the man
and this must be done
clarify it five members each eh there are
here 1630
People, come on, Bell, for God's sake
Are
15 more I have lost the good the war or or
in the Canal of the of the
climb Mother of God mother
My mother, my mother, let's try
the heart a little bit, not both topics
from the heart that I wanted
let's try, let's try the five of them
five the two or three little themes of the heart
that I wanted to try so that it goes up
The line is now worth calling her
already for Pao, beautiful, the first pa pa How many
members and I show the photo of the parish priest
How many
members How many members and I teach the
photo of the parish priest that he sent me
Indian goes, come on, go for now
15 we have hit a major slump
of member eh Also you
I say Maria del Carmen says you shouldn't
show any photo because I'm going to
teach Mari Carmen because I am like that
shirts I woke up very crazy today
Look, let the priest come and
come the
parish priest mother of beautiful love
eh Isa another cco Thank you beautiful 20 25
with our
Chari How many members How many
members I teach it goes to how many members
I teach it to you, five others go
30 racel racel please I can't give
supply wait racel now now now
I got it
You say I promise you that I will fulfill it, eh?
raised goes to me I promise you that
I comply and the money raised goes to
They tell me in the chat that Loli Huertas
We'll see in a while, okay now.
We'll see with Alne.
Next, let's see, let's do something.
let's do something excuse me let's go
to do one thing Nuria another five go
35 come 100 members and I'll put the photo for you
from the parish priest 100
members I will
I'm going to try to deal with Marta's issue. ...
to deal with Olga's issue and her acne goes up
and we're going to see it all, racel, you can do it for me
send the important clicks of this
night and we see them because they are me
saying in the chat that Loli
orchards to which I can say openly
that we have
defendant is valid for civil proceedings
sued and it is a lawsuit that I see
We are very clear and whoever doesn't see it,
doesn't have He doesn't have ears okay but Lolly
Garden that now has to eat a
brown of a lawsuit
Okay, it's already in the Oviedo court.
Okay, if I'm not mistaken, in Oviedo I think.
that was yes Loli werta now that you have it
that eating the brown of the
demand
just said on the ard Channel of
Troy who regrets not having me
heeded it when it was given
said
Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay a ay ay very good for
having sued her but man, let's see.
that is that Sam but it is not very well for
you don't have to sue me
applaud for having sued her is that it is
that is why it is obvious to sue her, that is
I think we've gotten into this.
first demand
then apparently after the videos
that we have presented in that lawsuit has
continued insulting insulting the
direct is the demand I
Look, I'm not going to say it, I'm not going to say it.
but there are people who were me
saying Well if he asks for forgiveness I don't know what
But I have not seen the lawyer ask for forgiveness.
is working
the lawyer is already working
already frozen but it is that apart it is not that the
lawyer is working is that he has
It has been demonstrated that no matter how much a
person has a conflict with another
insults condemn them it happened to me
with a person who insulted me a lot
and we were saying things to each other or
It has been proven that it does not matter
that you have a conflict that the conflict
can justify me calling you stupid
ugly you know but the things he has said
Loli Huerta, from us, that's what we have to do.
compensating me is not worth a pardon to me
A pardon or a swearword is not enough for me.
video or anything like that, we have to compensate for it
lawyer has worked and the damage he has done
past to Anne that you don't know
That's what it's going to be, that's what we have to compensate for.
There's no way he messed with him.
lawyer but well that's her thing
with the lawyer but what he has done to us
to the three of us the insults from us
three that must be compensated, that is no longer there
Sorry, Javi was not right or anything and that's it.
It is and will take a year and a half or two
that the topic ends but that is what it is
to compensate me, they don't see me as an apology.
that there are people who are telling me well
And if he apologizes and deletes that no, no
that no but it's not that he apologizes and
delete is that from what I understand
that I haven't had time to yet
look at it from what I understand
after the videos that are in that
demand she has followed Then I
I have thoughts about this month in
December or the other When I have time
I'm going to take the time to keep the minutes.
I'm going to put it on myself and I'm going to see the
videos that have been uploaded later I will
those go inside for another one too
second demand but it is absurd
don't sue him because it's not
which is a demand that there is no doubt about it
what's going to happen with that
demand that it is absurd not to demand already
knows the result and she has said that she
It doesn't matter if she has to pay us if she does.
He has said that if he is convicted and does not have
that he pays that he doesn't care It's that it's that
there is no
more and the other one is not going to help you because
the other one has blamed her that
say all these things so that
demands she ate them and now they
demands are eaten by the other because it is
that the demands do not go backwards
demands I'm not going to remove that, I don't know
can remove that has a job and a
money, the lawyer and the attorney and everything
has already charged, kid, that it doesn't affect me
I am very good and I always say that
With me, it can be fixed amicably.
but that is already at the level that it is at
the point at which that is there is to be
to compensate the only thing I accept is everything
what is requested in the lawsuit that
fulfill if you want without
trial the
parish priest the parish priest who is going to
say the parish priest what he is going to say
The parish priest will have to go out and give
explanations man has suffered
a lot with that one day and another day and a
lots of days removed from the networks by
blame for those insults and those
live They had a great time
insulting
that's going to do it
pay It's that I don't care, I don't care
Super Sorry, no, I don't want to, super
Sorry, I'm not going to talk to that one.
And that woman is going to come back
Here I do not want your forgiveness, what I want
I want the damage to be repaired. What is the
the only way to be compensated with a
demand there is no other way the damage done
it can't be done it can't be done
remove the damage is done the damage is not
can
eliminate
tiki tiki meow
meow meow
MINE
Mine
Mia Well I'm going to try a couple of
topics that racel has not confirmed to me or
Indian if they can take my clips
of whatever is most important
today whatever is most important today
to now see him with Alne when she
up you see how everything arrives it's just
sit and wait for Eva But that
That will take a long time because
misfortune It is very slow but it is not
that it is slow is that the lawyer also
while the has
prepared while while the
lawyer prepares it I don't know what it is
that I do not file a lawsuit and it is
put the
week that is very slow already had a lot
time to have it fixed and to
having realized it has had a lot
time to fix it now
No Chari, thank you very much, sweetheart. I don't know.
how are we doing members I don't know how
Let's go, I don't know how we're doing. But okay, now
I teach the parish priest to see family is that
racel doesn't appear there, I don't know if not
is or what Mimi Look and see if you can
talk to racel or someone who can help me
take the Cris the Cris the Cris Look at
see
Yes, if someone can take my clicks
the bombs of Troy so that
Now when Lanne comes and we are
looking at the things we have pending
I'll stay to see what they send me.
calm down okay I wanted to comment with
You Marta Riesco's Movida today
Thank you very much Raquel Vicente who has
gave 20 members a huge round of applause
rasel is on it Okay thanks thanks
Okay, then I'm calm.
I wanted to comment on the topic of Marta Riesco
not to go unnoticed because today
Marta Riesco who is flying with a
low profile in this last season
Well in fact I think it has been there for a while
several months flying with one profile
short prudent Also
because because he has very p the judgment I don't know
what day is the trial but we are 5 days away
December is the 5th
December I see
I see it as probable that the trial has taken place
been and that is why Marta appeared
Today again I see it as likely that it was
the judgment that is why Marta has appeared
again 13 is safe Sam has said
she her
date is not that as another has appeared
time for their stories with the subject
remembering how bad it was for him with both
save me as good while she
I was in a relationship with Antonio David
But not because of Antonio David as
such but by how things turned out and
otherwise I don't see that he threw anything away
Antonio David, eh, there were people like that.
messing with Marta Ay leaves Antonio
David leaves Antonio David Bueno to see the
trial was on day 3 let's see there is a lot
people who are saying that the trial is
the 13th and there are people who are saying that
he
three
Okay
eh I know the 13 sounds better to me
The thing about December 13th was the thing about December 13th
last year not the 13th the 13th
December was last year that I
They said that on December 13th I was going to
[ __ ]
no well let's see what has happened
Marta uploaded, really reliving everything
This is being so hard. Okay, so this is
It means that he is surely reviewing
that Gela is reviewing a kiss
gorgeous
We'll see it later, okay, we'll see it now.
When you get on the donkey, you already get on in 15 minutes.
minutes go up
eh Of course if it's reviving it's because you're
We are reviewing for the trial
talking about the fact that we are on the 5th day
It's the 13th, it's in 8 days. We are
talking
Wednesday not Wednesday If I don't
fails the accounts Wednesday that
comes
next Wednesday this week I was coming to
Galicia to see the lawyers is
true he said it It's true let's see
Up close What a C otter with a z looks like
near
hosts hosts
you how is a sen otter of
Close, damn, how Jorge went
uncle with the with the with the nice uncle
that Jorge was with me when I went to
when I went to Tele5 in the summer
nice and how well he behaved with me
when I
He saw that uncle went too far with Marta.
And I talked to him, I talked to him about the issue.
Marta and he told me that he considered her
a good worker What happens
that of course he had gotten into where he was
had gotten in and had
loaded the whole topic that of course now
who was going to take him and so on
whether you like it or not the name was there
stained I think that makes a few
months yes eh or so the name Marta
I was like very
Tele5 yes a telero character with Antonio
David through and so on but since it has
After a few months I think that's already known.
has forgotten a little, no, I think Marta
Yes, I could perfectly find another one.
Curro is no longer going to be for life anymore
condemned not to no
work because today the truth is that neither
even if he is serious he is with
happy, look, this is my first time
that the
Excitement man this is in the afternoon this is
afternoon schedule, damn, I didn't remember that
I didn't remember this scene in particular.
eh I remember when he gets up he says
The pain is abusive, he was fed and such
No, but damn, I didn't remember this, man.
how ugly How it went with
She swims, Marta has her things
But Marta is good, eh? Let's see today.
I'm really sick, I can't believe everything
what I had to live through I feel very sorry
sadness and helplessness for seeing everything
that they did to me I wish I could have
hug that Marta and tell her that everything
It will happen, I only ask for justice and to return to
work Hey uncle poor thing eh I
I send a huge kiss from here and that
have a lot of luck this week
I think we should all come now
put there not one a sample of
affection has given me a sample of affection
I'm so sorry, this has made me so sad.
There's more, I'm going to send you some money too.
I'm going to send you one
WhatsApp I'm going to send you a WhatsApp
I'm also going to put we're seeing what
what have you put
Today, much encouragement and good luck for the week that
Come, you'll see that you'll soon be working
I'm going to put Hey for that chair already eh A
I don't like to see people
So I hope I find a job for myself.
those who said it was going to be a set
survivor and so on and has done nothing
very good Anica very good and also that
Besides, that's how it is, let's go, that's how it is
that this is no longer or that is no longer
opinion, that is, this is no longer an opinion
This is so. That is, he has not done anything.
magazines or of
nothing however Olga has loved us
to sneak in a fuss about stopping
follow photography outside and so on with your
relationship
pay attention to the details, I have nothing in
against Olga or anything is not an attack
but watch out, eh?
that soul Javier Olivera Tena was right
handsome kisses
kisses Hey not even after two
years of fair I have been able to get out of it
a smile his attitude has been very
unpleasant I'm still quite
disoriented because I didn't expect it from
A colleague has felt very
annoying has a picture of this
quite bad program and if you think
Let's see the beautiful words that we
has dedicated this morning to Crocodile Bomb
bomb kisses Thank you very much they are ringing
Now the Super chat out there in the
Ana's program
Rosa Here I am at the fair, very happy.
to return two years later I hope that
my companions, especially those who save, leave
work because it has already started a little
the thing to
complicate things, of course, she is going to
reporter and they are upset with her
The thing is that Marta has her things, eh?
be me when I have to criticize her
I think that the
I criticize, I think, when I have had to
criticize her I criticize her. Ok, Ivan, now.
we see him king
but it is not
Bad, I haven't discovered a bad Marta.
We have known her for two years now.
eh And it is also his role that
complicated eh of the girl
Hey
But let's see, Quica has been on top of you.
of her all the time accusing her I don't know
You took the comb from him, how ugly that is to me
ignore that way Marta man what
reporter is like if you go to the camera O
imagine that the camera imagine not
It usually goes when they are going to cover something
the editor goes to the street, worth the
reporter the reporter and a cameraman Vale
Well, imagine that people from other countries
program are bothering the cameraman who
he is doing his job there no
can
work man because the truth is that the
her role is also you know man I
to a program that has left me
ridiculed and made me
so many things where a presenter tells me
he has insulted some funny voices no no no
In fact, he is aware of
where it has to be I'm going to take action
legal for all the ridicule and
the humiliations that the factory has done
TV is a little exaggerated. No, that's it.
A judge has to decide it, don't you think?
that you are a little exaggerated and there is the
presenter of the program telling him How
you see a sen otter
don't you think you're a little bit close
exaggerated him
He says what smoke we have, eh Marta?
We are seeing that Marta doesn't hear me either.
too much when I want to ask him, look
that we are in is working After
I have been working for 2 years and I am not
respecting my work and respecting it
deeply no you are not
respecting It's not that it's that it has
reason and to all of you who give me your
Honey, thank you, the only thing I get is
I ask is to return to work on what
I've been doing it for 15 years I hope
that the rest of the networks programs
presenters value the work I have
been developing and in which I have
highlighted and give me the opportunity to
do it again I only ask for work besides
from all this hell that I had to live through
My phone hasn't rung even once
to return to my profession and I wonder
why where is the sisterhood Where
There are colleagues who tell me that
They admire me and wish me to win
giving me an opportunity because this
fear the worst It's not what happened to me
Worse is that after taking measures
against something that was hellish doesn't sound familiar to me
he
phone is that we are related to it
the best your image for the others
channels with Tele5 but so what?
Gema López is there, she is not there, well she is not there
the now Spanish television Why not
Marta may be there because Lidia is not there.
Lozano Rocío Carrasco terelu are not here
all out there now on other channels
But if Marta gives him 7 million
laps I remind you that all those who
participated in everything
This is what everyone is working on except me.
The teaching we are giving is that of
that if we report or complain, we do not
we return to work on what we
passionate That is the basis with which
They play like other channels and programs
that helped me
Well, I support her, I support her because
We are here and we started this
topic in the reporting channels
This type of
Javi things
Hire him. Look, look. Look, me.
I would hire her I would hire her What
It happens that of course maybe
No no, let's see, Marta doesn't want to be
collaborator in plan to comment on the
gossip You know, I would be for myself
glad to have you around often
but
Of course I support her and I wish her the best.
better What do you mean please No me
Yes, let's see. Thank you very much.
Josefina says Josefina as a gift for 20
Members, thank you very much Ana Josefina for
the bisom Thank you very much sweetheart
Hey, well, last topic, last topic.
and and go up to Anne while he
you hit the like button on the last topic and it goes up
to the
Anne and here I want you to get wet
eh I heard that Jenny beautiful gave the
chimes I put it on Twitter yes
brutal is the prize is the prize for
part of the government that gives to this
people of course, I mean you tell me why
because they have put to see why By
What do you think they put on Jenny?
beautiful to ring the bells this year
Why, because of what has happened, if it is
that there is no more, let's see, I want yours
Honest opinion okay, that's it
completely
confirmed but it is not that it remains now
fully confirmed It is that the
last week what happens is that as it is not
I had to be in low places, good Olga
the day before yesterday he already uploaded a photograph
in its history already as making it official
that was fine with Agustín
followed again have been followed again
but they haven't put the track back in
remains its representative
photographs that had been deleted and such
No, but of course it is that in
reality this was already before this
photograph like three or four days before
I uploaded a video, well I didn't upload it. It's that
I think I uploaded the video today
be careful today or
yesterday today or
yesterday this
I uploaded this video and then they
commented other youtubers and such worth in
Well, well, a sister of Olga already
I uploaded this photograph of them In
Seville Well with the whole family together
I can't imagine that the brothers-in-law
nephews and others
not for me and I say this with all due respect
of the world for me have tried a
montazo my personal opinion eh
For me they have tried a montajo and no
It hasn't worked out for them, it ...
interested okay And in the end for me here
Well, they have been left a little
They have turned out bad for me
bad and people are on top of everyone
YouTubers we are reviewing
This topic is worth it. Well, there are some who
Suddenly they changed their minds, eh, I mean
There are some who when I gave the
exclusive eh There are some that when I
I gave the exclusive and they tried to deny it to me.
exclusive They called it a hoax They called it a hoax
of everything then when what happened with these happened
last few weeks they deleted the photos
each other they locked in
Instagram and others already gave me the
reason but without giving it to me okay And now
When they have returned Well now there are some
who have rejoiced not as if they were
life in it as if it were a
tool against Antonio David and is
How are we going to see that they are together now?
same they are there is the photograph
but last week they stopped
follow
They blocked Olga and took off her gear.
Instagram account that the representative
it was this one and the one on his Instagram was removed
the photographs and publications that
had with her they did it or rather it is that
on top of that there are people who are coming here
to say that we that to take out
videos Because we have no news I don't know
What is it like? Look, I'm going to tell you something.
Hey
I am not the one who removed the
photos from your Instagram nor have I
removed the bio from her Instagram nor did I
I have gone into his Instagram and the one of the
another so that they block each other
those movements have done it
It happens to them that they have not succeeded and now
They said, "Okay, come on, we confirm."
that we are still together Or that they have had a
real crises have fought and in
In the middle of the heat of the fight, they have
made those moves and now they have
returned but for
For me, it seems that they have had a crisis
a long time ago, two months ago or so
when I gave the news because I
They told but for me this has been a
attempt at assembly because when you
when when you are a person who does not
wants to make a scene and doesn't want
headlines are made about your private life and
Consuelo Flores also thinks like this:
we did see the clip
Indian here but when you are a
person you don't want to be talked about and
that headlines are made about your life
private when you have a crisis with
your partner already announces it when it is something
very safe very safe very
sure if you You are not a teenager
to start blocking your boyfriend Every
day that you fight with him then he
you unblock him then you follow him again
then you remove all the photos it has
With her we have 40, well we have yes
We are older, we are all older and
You don't do that when it's already
something official official official for sure then
You tell it. Hey, look for a statement.
that I'm not with Agustín anymore But these
movements have been to remove
headlines and to attract attention and
I didn't make that up, I mean, I'm not
the one who has removed photographs of
Instagram and on Instagram because one
thing is that one does it Imagine that
They say no excuse. Well, I changed.
the avío I changed the avío because it was
tired of the mess and wanted to get rid of it, well
Ok but you changed the
The thing is that you removed the thing from
representative And he blocked you
and he removes the photos he had with you
So no then There you stood
I agreed, each of us passed something and it came out
bad and both with subliminal messages
no man no no no we're not going no
We are fools who have been here for too long
time then to the people who have
deified when it is not the One it is the
another is worth the people to see that the people
They are what they are and they live off what they
live, that is to say, these people live off the
exclusive and live off these things that
call him and programs and that
talk about them Then let's leave each other
of deifying and loving that they are
Untouchables or that cannot be done by me
I really like Olga, I always have.
treated very well is my neighbor let's go
fact is my neighbor but but to me this
It seems like a setup to me. I'm very sorry.
Come on, it hasn't been a setup because it hasn't been
came out for me for my personal opinion
It has been an attempt at montajo that has not
I've come out to see when you do those
movements because you want people
speak because you know Already with all the
years that we have been here you know what
is what people will do when you let them
to continue with your
boyfriend
and people are saying No, she never
has confirmed that it has broken that is a thing
yours Well of course she hasn't
confirmed But these movements do
He has done it so that it is spoken, not that
I have done it, it's not that you are doing it
inventing because you have no news No
What the hell am I making up? I don't
I'm not making anything up, we've seen that.
Here in public the changes of Bio la la
Twitter and the rest, okay, no, no.
I'd better go see you for a moment, I'm going to
send the link to the l so that
between
Javi is always to blame
Yeah
Jai di de Troya who asks you only for
Please don't take the photo of the man.
Cristi for God's sake there are still people who don't
He knows me and he thought I was going
to show the photo of the parish priest of
true Hey JJ are you coming tomorrow or
that
happens
I don't know if we'll have a debate tomorrow or not.
I'll tell you tomorrow
I say how the lies are going How are the lies going
lies dice
no How are the lies going fatal tesa Well
it doesn't go up here
alanne not here
get up here don't get up with those
likes here with those l no
go up
There are no 100 likes
tesa But how could there not be 15 likes in
Seriously, there are no 15 likes at 15
likes I hallucinate eh I hallucinate wine you
force me to like it I'm forcing you
forcing but if it is that you literally
I'm
forcing not even 1000 that there are not even 1000
like that, I can't do it
believe that there is neither
1000 but that is already very little
shame
healthy here I don't go up to the line with less
1000 likes and you already know
I say Here
No, I'm not going up to Lande here with a thousand here.
we don't see, that is, we haven't started yet
I've been with the gossip for almost 2 hours
direct not an hour and a half
I'm carrying Jai, won't it be that when he finds out today?
that there is a complaint about Troya and La Huerta
They have spoken and that is why to wash Pau I
the demand had not been removed from
The truth is that we are not going, she is not either
that he asked for it, eh, is that we are
speaking as if she had asked
Sorry or something and she No hasn't had
intention either but come on, you already have it
I say that it doesn't matter what I ask for
I am not going to withdraw the claim.
The only deal I would accept would be that
that he complied with what is requested in
the demand
and at most not put the
second
M is my Marina watching us
Oh
[Music]
m here no god goes up
Hey, it doesn't even go up here. How's it going?
climbing tesa how are we doing says tesa yes
we reached 10,000 members, I say up
Tesa kisses from Marina for
All kisses from our little Marina
We miss you queen We love you
much look look at the people Marina When
I have said your
name
wow, how strong, eh, what now you
It's weird, what's so strong, huh? Hey, what are you doing?
It's been in the car today, eh? Well, actually.
About 24 hours ago I was in
that
room at 2:15 at night no no
wasn't was before was before was before was
before dinner but well I've been in
I've seen it from the other good side
a lot Don't you miss me Hey today
I have returned the surprise to you. It was from
The last thing I saw before I left for
sleep of the first thing I've seen when
I woke up not literally had
I literally fell asleep
had to break down the door Less
I've gone wrong, but listen to me. Okay.
you or so was really asleep when
You banged on my door, it was tough and
your companion Or it was you or when I
I opened the door who was there
other side of the door has been you who
I swear I haven't seen you beaten up
I promise I didn't notice that
you were until I went down to reception
I'll tell you
I promise you
I promise I was completely asleep
tell him what happened Look for
first time in my life I've ever had it
early morning Yes yes but without an alarm clock eh
No no to the parrot I mean to the parrot of the
situation
eh I was wearing it, that is, Sunday night
By Monday I hadn't slept at all, okay, I was
dead exhausted okay the fact is that yesterday
before meeting you I fell asleep
an hour something like that but of course it's not
enough when you haven't slept in the
night okay then we were there all afternoon
kicking around Seville between whistles and
flutes such worth another day you know where
we walked it was the video clip of I was
I tell you three times and I don't tell you
I said where we are is where the video clip is
I've realized you know when I've
realized when you put the
video clip tonight I say those streets
They are the ones we were there for yesterday, uncle, I say
I have realized I have realized
when you put the video clip
before Well The fact is that yesterday
We were outside the Chiqui Chiqui Hotel
Chiqui Chiqui Chiqui Chiqui There everyone
Damn, they can take that out of context.
don't be that we were talking about
our things you just said
we were literally outside the hotel
chiqui chiqui chiqui chiqui chiqui
Chiqui Yes but doing it like this I mean
by cracking I mean [ __ ] Sure but it is
that is now the pppa takes it from you and goes to you
to say what is not but this but
I'm saying so then I put the image
how I'm talking about well The thing is
How good we were talking so much
We said goodbye to everyone and I went up but
but but well you also have to
tell what happened yesterday
we did goodbye we did
one that we
we agreed of course we did yes no yesterday by
the night is worth bringing good
a little luck before we say goodbye
we made clear a ritual a ritual ritual
neither no no it was not a ritual this
filling the bracelet Yesterday teesa brought me
another bracelet for Mira the ritual the
ritual consists of no use that
you fill your arms with bracelets
because you literally have been there for like six or seven
It is worth bringing good luck and for
to protect you and for I don't know what I don't know
how many when when you carry the umbrella
damn in the car you had an umbrella
damn in the car So what did we do
that is, me going to the
Macarena for a bracelet El Rosario
rosary in the car the holy card eh the
Another day a subscriber in Córdoba asked me
He advised me These two bracelets he tells me
take you have to wear a bracelet because
This one takes away the bad vibes, this one I don't know
what is this I don't know how much And what else the cross
from Caravaca well well And since the tesa
He brought me a bracelet yesterday too
related to white quartz this of no
I know what I don't know how much it comes okay I put myself
whatever you want as long as he loses
judgment
eh I'm going to get involved To take off my bracelet that
I'm going to be 5 kg lighter and Ah
it turns out that of course a lot of bracelets a lot
Christ here and there and carried the
umbrella of the pppa since the year
past in the car Okay then let's see
There is a movie called The Ring
I think I think it's The Ring
Well there is a movie I don't know exactly
If it's a ring or something else, but oh well.
It consists of if you watch a movie
that is cursed okay eh You have 7 days
to get another person to see that
movie and you pass the curse on to the
another person and if not if you don't do it in
less than 7 days Well something is wrong with you
It's not worth it. Well then it seems to us
a great idea to take the umbrella and
we leave it
there and pass the curse on to whoever that is
umbrella that we should have said that we left it
there because we had the umbrella. I mean
that I remembered that we had the parag or
That is to say, we have not done anything to him.
umbrella the umbrella is perfectly
but he's already out of Javi's car a thousand
I have thought at times, I have the umbrella, I have
I have to throw away the [ __ ] umbrella
[ __ ] umbrella because I had it there
bottom of the trunk my trunk
big and I never fall back
even every time I see it I say oh
Not now. Oh, now I have to get it out.
Now I don't know what and there I say the umbrella
It doesn't go any further than here, I throw it away and there was no
and there were no containers there were no
waste bins on a table
restaurant that they were sort of collecting
and I left him there on a chair as if
Someone would have forgotten it, take the
umbrella of the climb, let the one who catches it
and I'm already completely lucky.
I'm not wearing it anymore, sorry. Sorry.
much if someone finds that umbrella
and and and makes it his own I'm so sorry and today
I woke up without having woken up
Today history has awakened clearly
today he woke up without an alarm clock
The one who hasn't woken up is me
then I had set the alarm on
the mobile alarm that I have not heard and
I forgot to put my phone on silent or
be with sound then I was tense
come call me Javi come call me and
My self doesn't understand anything. Total that
Suddenly I woke up because I
they were beating on the
I went to open the door and I swear that
I haven't seen you, I swear I haven't seen you.
I saw that I woke up at the right time
fair but subconsciously you know it
I swear that he has done me a lot, I swear that it is not you
I'm thinking about it, or rather it has come to me
the flash after when he told me tesa
eh Well this person has stayed
sleeping like Javi and I came
thinking about who touched me
door or rather then I have already doubted I have not you
asked during the day You know but but
then I doubted and I loved it
meet you man me too if not no
if not I would not have gone and I have
woke up just but come on what do you say
Host This is what I woke up to
just in time to run away
pick it up from the hotel, which is a good thing that the t
I picked up the phone because you didn't
you have taken and take her to the airport such
Which Total that is I have woken up
with the banging on the door and there it goes
justsim of time I have dressed to all
milk I went down and I got it
I find reception that I swear to you
I swear I didn't recognize you or that's me
mind is completely asleep don't you
recognized when I opened the door
When you came to wake me up Total
I have lowered reception and here it is
the young man to take me to the airport
that we have not had time that we have not had time
given time not even to have breakfast or it has been
take me to the airport, say goodbye and
I don't wake up for anyone
eh but listen to me eh yes I have
had a coffee with the tesa while
you were yes of course you yes but not peed
time or breakfast now I say the time
That but we have arrived just enough to
park I don't know what I don't know how much and and what
leave on the plane
but I would have gone in the afternoon but
Well, let's see, if I don't do the
things I don't get out But good for the
next Okay, but you liked it
surprise or not I have loved it
delighted, I've already said it, I loved it
But come on, I got a little bit caught on show
but it was worth it Yeah well of course
listen to me
[Applause]
and that in addition to that car that you have
mounted today you know that they have been mounted
many characters have not mounted guano
the climb has been mounted I know I know I don't know
Yes, Juanca, I don't know.
if this weekend has been set up
good people Then we have left you there
Good vibes
Of course the car was like a
little such But all this is Tesa's fault
a little no yes no no I mean yes yes or
be the one who instigated absolutely everything
She was tough, that is, she was the one who was
behind everything and of course
with all the help of Lorena to
the foul-mouthed for the big-mouthed for
the eh Why why Well because
There's always the same old gossip, Javi.
Ah, well, but let's see an open couple.
that my wife looks for me the flings It's
that really in the end If where there is no no
you can get a couple who love each other
He's looking for good vibes, that's what there is.
What are we going to do about it? Claro
I wanted to comment on one thing before
Let's get into the subject because it has
quite curious result I don't know if it
have you seen do you remember I have seen super
little eh I also tell you Yes because
Also I have sent it to you, you have not
answered when I sent it to you
then I think you haven't seen it yourself
Do you remember that suddenly a Freaky
tuber who entered the scene proclaimed himself
like the
spokesperson reader of
judgments and trial notifier
also yes yes yes yes one is a person
super aware of the cause of
total insults man, let's see if not
It became clear to you the other day that it is much worse
insult someone than give them a bottle
open his head, that's great
No. I mean, he's the good girl's boyfriend.
Miare's boyfriend's girl not with her
They talk so much about the judgment I have with
She who I don't know what she's doing with me and her boyfriend
It turns out that he had hit him.
opened one's head with some
No bottle throwing and here is Tania the moderator
by Antonio David Bueno, former moderator no.
because according to what people say, he already
They took away the key because it was
precisely defended these people
Well she says the story is not
how we tell it as I don't know
I honestly don't care which one but it is
moderator I don't know I don't know and in the
in case it isn't because of the comment
It gave me the feeling that maybe
It was she who had told him that
you take off the key but I don't know I don't know
I mean
Let's see, Tania is so that people
understand eh as long as that is it has been
set to defend everything without knowing the
stories and without knowing the contexts or
not caring or anything She just pretends
focused on everything that is against
Javi I support him, that is, now since he
The moderator has removed Antonio
David can now start defending himself.
to the master Joao for example who also
He doesn't get along with me. No, but that is to say he has
I'm going to defend these people because I
I have problems and judgments with them no and
has begun to defend these people who
It's not that they are
carraquilla car No she is with roso
Carrasco and believes her and all that stuff but
It's one thing for you to be
Carrasquito is going today, it's going great for me today.
I don't know why he won't let me open it.
nothing aunt out of the now every time you open
Something is happening to you. Yes, yes, yes, I'm listening to you.
perfectly but it is true that
The image is very laggy. Oh well.
Well, if the image is nothing, nothing happens.
and now people want to stop and read the
I want people to stop and read it, but come on
It's not that you're a carrista anymore. Well, carrasa.
we get along well with
Carmen, we get along well with a lot of people.
of people who are carras
It's that she is defending herself
take it contrary to me without knowing the
Why and how things happened but not
without knowing why it is normal that if you have
arrived on YouTube now you don't know but
Find out about all the stories that
You are commenting and that's why the judgments are
because that's what I did eh
inform yourself she thinks she is
reporting but if I said it the other day
She reporting nothing, she believes I have
said no that is being reported
reporting, that is, defending Mira
is defending a woman who is
fills his mouth Calling Antonio
abuser being Antonia's moderator
But well, she already, as we have commented
will have its Sunday What happens is that today
We are dedicating this little one to you
space because there is one thing today
That has caught my attention a lot
about the last live show he did
and people have sent it to me in the group and
I say [ __ ] but if this person is
super aware of the issue of
insults and honor and sees it as so serious
who sees it as much more serious than a
bottle blow he sees as much more serious than a
clear bottle hit and now I find myself
with this alne in his last
straight you are a fool and a idiot and
As it is my channel I will say it and go down
my point of view and my opinion this is
of being a son of
illiterate [ __ ] like this son of a [ __ ]
hospital this son of hospital Stop him a
second Stop it for a
second
I swear I swear that if I close the
eyes It's like listening to a one
person who talks a lot with her
lately or that is that word in
with one true no r yes there are there are two or three
specific words that are very very very
significant of a person who
He's been browsing his channel a lot lately.
Curiously, its moderators have passed
to be Tania's moderators as well
Well, with time you will realize that.
take note of things, don't worry
queen, you are a fool and a idiot and
As it is my channel I will say it and go down
my point of view and my opinion this is
of being a son of
illiterate [ __ ] like this son of a [ __ ]
hospital this son of a hospital you are
rats
rats, do you understand, South American scum?
But since people are [ __ ], I never
played and will never play with Health
Nobody's mind is short with words
that we have heard from this son of a [ __ ]
hospital is my opinion I think this
is to be a very son of a [ __ ] person
But it doesn't occur to me to say anything to anyone.
son of a [ __ ] and since it's my channel I'm going to do it
say and from my point of view and my
opinion this is being a son of a [ __ ]
many [ __ ] people with health
Mental certainly is not played with. Oh yes, that's true.
a rat you are a real rat you are
rats
rats and because they made me remove the
another word is worth it And I would tell you many
things more than it is the first time that
say
illiterate, slow and clumsy, tancho the
advocate a lot, you understand it, okay?
bajuna Because you are a real rat
sewer is worth a real raca Good
for me that the truth violates my honor
I don't find it funny at all. But oh well,
more with
insults man let's see me let's see let's see no
let's see, that is, that she is violated by the
honor because j and call her geeky tuber
for her she has taken it as a
horrible insult but then you can
say what you want about whoever you want, eh?
Nothing's happening here. These aren't from 2019.
not from 2020 These are from now Ah
from December 4, 2023 no4 Ah de
now from now but anyway to
see this girl's conflict with
tokare exactly What is it So that
Tokare thought she said that the context
gave
maybe yes No no that that to start with that
to begin with, that is, for her the context
It doesn't matter, the insults are bad, you know.
I mean, it doesn't matter if someone has gotten in.
with you then you answer no no
no no no no matter how the context doesn't
it doesn't matter to anyone then
Ok but apart from how it started
conflict of these two because it will happen
gave his opinion on the trial verdict
yours with flat realistic opinion also about
the sentence and the context that
has and the result that is but of course
They want to give it another tint and
So the conflict has begun
but I don't know if I will touch him too
He's insulting her but it doesn't matter.
I know I don't know because I haven't seen
I will play but I will surely play the Está
insulted too but it doesn't matter depending
she the context does not matter or that is that
I don't understand the logic of these people
So the insults are only
bad if they sue you and condemn you or if
You do it but nobody demands it from you.
happens
Nothing. Well, of course not everyone knows this.
makes demands But this is what they do
all these all who have read
sentences and trials and so on, this is what they do
Yes, of course, of course, this. Of course, because the
Clicks that come out of me insulting are 19
from 2020 are from now the summary the
summary is very easy if they are the ones
What do the insults say? Nothing happens there.
context always counts And if we say them
we are the worst, that's it, that is to say,
summary is that there is no more is if you do it
Javi No, it's not if Javi does it, yes, of course, okay.
Okay, damn, I just didn't understand what it was.
the point but of course Carmen said it
Another day Carmen also said it the other day
day says but well but yes or so it is that
They are treating Javi like a
condemned as a criminal as if he were
Something criminally speaking is not like no
This is what they are asking you for
this and that no but no no no no
the one who is on penalty or the one who is
the one who was convicted of criminal or had
a plea agreement was made
the one I was defending the other day from
done already but it was a minor shame it was a
It's not a shame, it's just that the thing about it, but it's not
It was Javi Oliveira to see the topic was no
It's Jai Oliveira I am that
jca I'm being this Sunday eh
This Sunday is going to be wonderful
because I mean, imagine this potato
Imagine this potato starting to read
a sentence that you don't even understand because
no no no no it doesn't look like he's reading and yes
He will know how to read but he doesn't know, he doesn't have
reading comprehension but apart
Imagine this chick throwing you in
face or criticizing you for the
insults you have said in a fight
with another person that you don't have
no idea and and why they were and how
were and what was the order and what is it
that happened so Imagine this that
It's now, of course, but it's that, Ah, it's that
They dismantle themselves. That is, there are
many times you just have to
let them talk and they themselves
they dismantle, that's why there are things that
I see and hear, there are others that I don't
They hurt and I feel bad but there are others
that I listen to them and I swear that it gives me
I say you can't be laughing
plus the ridicule of
true I understand that as a moderator eh
that neither she moderates. No, of course.
Yes but well no. I mean, in honor of the
I really don't know if he has taken it away
moderator or has she told him that
remove
because well, what do I know? Hey, look,
I want to go on my own to see the
end if what she wants is to do her
walk on my own and say and do what
whatever she wants because she sees that it is
the way to climb that for me is hunger
for today Or bread for today hunger for
tomorrow but if she considers that she wants
going your own way may have been
she who has renounced the
moderation because in some way the
was limiting to having to moderate or
because she has seen that moderation
It doesn't go with her, we are already moderated
you will see her on Sunday
because I have been collecting each time
that she has insulted me and I think that she
I think you've already heard the insults or
whatever I've put, son of a [ __ ] that's what I've put
It wasn't what the son of a [ __ ] told me
three or four times that was a month ago
or two I've gone every time they send me
certified insult pum for adante no
Of course, but then because I slipped, but
good but good but good because I
I haven't insulted her, that is, I have
said that chony
that but when the Yes when the
Those clips Lan sent you son of a [ __ ]
Her answer was No, I have not
called son of a [ __ ] I said that
Whoever does that is a son of a [ __ ]
no no no he doesn't say it and then when the other
He tells him to be careful no matter what
It is well said what happens is that
adorn with it is my opinion that of all
way in the live show last night they fell on me
some insults eh that some go to
me and that's it, they are saved and it doesn't happen
nothing but it's not that I find it funny
because they have made me as if I were
the bastion of the end of my channel that I in
I don't know how many fights I've insulted No no
It's that I have insulted in I don't know
how many fights nor in these clicks that
are coming out now mine from 2020 the
2019 insulting people is what it is
They could make hours-long videos of me and
hours insulting because I have had the
worst mouth on YouTube for many years
In fact, when they started putting me
demands when I said I'm going to try and
sometimes not even that sometimes not even me
brake but it's that many times I think
that the 2000 people who are here are
inevitable if they hurt your family
if you are accused of something serious or if you are
you explode and get heated and insult but
Of course we have someone who is
shouting in the chat Well, here it is not known
scream daughter here she doesn't scream and what is she doing?
screaming Let's see I can't do it, he accused me of
calling him a sudaka is a lie and you
Francisco Javier you said it
is that the context does not matter
Tania you the context It doesn't matter I you
I explained to you the context of the
my insults and you told me no
justified I mean it doesn't matter eh what me
you are counting if here in this same
clip we have put a clip that I don't know
The why of that remains to be seen.
Why do you say that I have nothing else?
people of
Latin America Latin American Gentusa no
He said that I have closed it because you have
What to say that, Latin American people and
then he quickly corrects himself and says no
They are all the same. No, my daughter, we have
grabbed with the ice cream cart and
shout whatever you want in the chat
Enjoy the live stream with the hashtag
Javi Oliveira is right that you already
Your Sunday will come and you will realize
account of all the insults you have thrown at me
been doing during these months and
all the things you have spoken without
inform you a [ __ ] [ __ ] okay But
Come on, here you have insulted me and it gives me
I will play just as I have told you
because according to you the context does not
It mattered and apart from that I will play I don't know if
He has insulted you as if to challenge you.
of insult that you are saying here and
that the people of Latin America who do not
I know I don't know how much So get ready
for your for your Freaky tuber Although it is
wishing eh or so she's crazy she's here
his name always comes up and he's here
in the chat [ __ ] coincidence every time
It's here, I have a program, no, I don't think so.
that she cares if we talk about her
It would be absurd if in the end you do
direct talk about other people Don't you
It may offend you that they talk about you or me
I think he doesn't mind being talked about
But she doesn't like to look bad anymore
well for not having done all the
live shows that you have done because we are going
when you see how bad you are, when you fall
you see how bad it looks but yes
This live is from her past, eh or
be this from her that she has been stuck for a month
reading sentences and announcing trials
as if we needed the channel
from her to find out that I
I had a trial when that came out in the
Press in 2019 was already commissioned by Antonia
to walk through all the all the
good newspapers
that
that in the trial she said that she did not
had never gone to the press to talk about
I was the one who broke the news.
I will tell you the trial but
that we needed Tania for
Finding out about that is really annoying.
you have gone during
months being the spokesperson for my issues
judicial of what If you have if you
you have this now or climates are from
2020 2019 but we go as if as if it were
do now is that even if I
would have made the week
past brakes brakes
Someone in the chat is answering
I don't know what that other one told you.
chat person says you watch the live
whole and not just what this gentleman uploads
cut Forgive me dear Forgive me
dear But all this Movida in which
You got in through your face because no one
I had you
called that wait began began with a
video that everyone
Mr. Planas putting cut clips
and taken out of context of Javi insulting
and the answer you gave was that you
I didn't give a [ __ ] about the context. Okay.
so if Javi's context is
I don't give a [ __ ], I don't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] the
Yours is clear to you here the same as
measure for all of you who already have me until
the balls between all of us. That's it.
well literally it is in the chat with suca is
Don't think about what these people are saying.
they speak that they make words or that is
you literally come here for the
chat to promote your [ __ ] [ __ ]
direct, we don't want to see it, I invite you
the tesa who doesn't do it is banned directly
advertising for your channel Who the hell are you going to?
to invite you to your live show, I invited you
straight to what if I let's see if I don't have
no problem if that's what it seems to me
wonderful to see them here I don't know
promote your channel, your channel that pays
If you want to promote it, promotion
direct doesn't matter a [ __ ]
We don't give a [ __ ] about your entire live show
just like you didn't give a [ __ ]
My clips that are H from 2016 for God's sake
Of course, that's what I'm going for, if what I'm going for is
What bothers me are the different rods of
measure if it seems great to me great is
which is what should always be done
watch the full live stream to see
where things come from but it is that
you have not done it and you have been there for a while
Lots of full direct sem for llis
a lot of weeks lying lying
polishing clips and information now you
in pods Beautiful now you have it in pods now
Now we have to see Now we have to see the
context of your cli [ __ ] How it changes
How the version changes eh When when
They hit you, pretty. Your word is worthless.
Your word is not worth the same as anything
the people you defend are worth it in the end
Let's go to the topic this was only
a small parenthesis she will already have her
Sunday but I'm sorry you don't come here
chat to promote yourself that you are looking forward to
to promote you and mine works works
and leave the others that's what you have
what to do there is a topic okay that is being
moving a lot which is the theme of the
Gominola Yes I'm going to tell you what I
I think about the issue of the
jelly beans, let's see if you think the same.
because I believe that people here are
It's going a bit crazy, okay?
Hey, the traitorous friend betrays himself.
same value v I brought him a box of
vegetables that were in the trash
directly less the melons that
I brought him that they would eat them when he says
vegetables says De
truth also apart from that I'm not going to say about
gummies eh before that when I
I knew how my mother knew her food, I don't know
I take them, I sent them to you, I sent them to you
Gummy bear so he had a jibo for
every day because in that house the
jibo is consumed a lot then If you
You have a lot of jibo consumption. Well, the
sweet sites Well you have to need
replenish and my mother sucks them well
take and there are people who have a pension
of 800 and they keep giving away and membership and
vium, well, I feel sorry for those people.
because with 800 you don't have to stop a
month unless you have the house and everything
paid in full and not even then no no no
That's why I'm ashamed
ask says guard it came from my soul
Moldova says what Moldova has said
You scare me because you already get together
Margarita Fernandez Tom I need one
moderator
Grol says more, we have to teach him a lesson.
joba and bas me ofr and all my mother
Pimpant takes Gominola man that if you
We set a price for the boxes of ginola and
other things that I brought, well, it adds up
sum sum pabla and to say
nonsense touches that would be says
Margarita, the whole house consumes ginola
go go home not with two who consume
Gummy or take one away from him from time to time
when the month is not enough and without
Gummy no
sleeps, doesn't sleep, they say he doesn't sleep
So if you don't sleep without Gominola
Well you need Gummy bear. Well here it is.
Gominola doesn't cost me anything
work and all are with prescription and it is the
same brand that you use for starters
All of those who are jibo, well, you're not going to
It's bad to throw it in the trash here
I'll give them to you, but don't look at that, I paid
certified parcel shipping costs
so that he could get home to his
door and when I went I brought him another one
another another another batch of three or four
months of prescription that were also for
there with other things plus my little box of
vegetable that is also worth subin
but we are going to
see when he talks about Gominola of course and the
people have started to climb this
Today he has thrown in her face that she has a
audio where he tells her about the Gominola and
that code 361 of the Penal Code to see
on the part in case it were
medication Imagine what it does to you
I'm missing Paracetamol and I have it at home or
I remember when the pandemic
example that there were many cities and
many neighborhoods that did not have Paracetamol
and the families sent each other
because I didn't have it because it was necessary and no
I know what Or what I say Here of this
law, the manufacturer must pay the shipping cost
supply intermediate market
offer or put on the Market or store
for these purposes medications
including human and veterinary use
as well as medications in
research that lacks the
necessary authorization required by the
law or health products as such will be
punishable by imprisonment from 6 months to 3
years but of course here what I understand
is that they refer to medicines
illegal not to medicines that are
legal I think it refers to I think
because let's see, there are different types of
medications. That is, you can go to the
pharmacy and buy Paracetamol you can go
to the pharmacy and buy ibuprofen eye
ibuprofen has now lowered the dose
of 400 or so but there are for certain
medications that require a prescription
because without a prescription at the pharmacy
They don't sell them to you. That is, you go to the
pharmacy to buy I'm putting
examples eh I don't mean that
refer to this type of medicines But
you go to the pharmacy to buy
anxiolytics antidepressants eh or that is
This type of medicines that are perhaps
a little stronger or they give them to you
in psychological treatments or
psychiatric hospitals okay And these won't work for you
to sell or antibiotic. That is, you go to the
pharmacy for antibiotics without a prescription
They give it to you, okay, that is, it refers to, that is
This penal code refers to the fact that I do not
I can send you
You can't send me anything antibiotics
that it be with a medical prescription that in a
pharmacy wouldn't sell me anything without a prescription
medical of course that's why the climb was
saying today in one click that later
we will see what audio it can do
that they take him away in shackles
See, they're not going to put you in jail for it.
This is obviously unless you are
Trafficking in kilos of kilos of
says bread. So maybe they'll put one on him.
Murta, you understand me as much as possible.
can
pass on the story the story that I did not
I mean, I'm not going to say that it's true.
Even if it's not true, I believe it, but
But well, it's my personal opinion.
I said in the Freaky Tubers the other day
this this he said it
and as if to want to give a zasca to
She told him that she had sent this to him
parcel and they had agreed that she
I was going to return the expenses of the
courier and had never paid for it
because they were there with the give and take
that you are short of money that you are not
you are short of money eh that I have you
invited to my house that your son has invited me
My son made you a 40 euro bizun
that the ITV that if I don't know what I don't know
how many and he said Well I sent you one
box of jelly beans and you were in
pay me the shipping costs and they don't give them to me
you paid, that is, he did it as if he wanted to
give him a zasca I think without realizing it
account of the mess he was in
He is putting in the count. This is clear.
is that I was understanding and what I
I was going to try to explain. It's that I was
starting to think they didn't mean
medications no no I that is no no no
That is, because also, yes, yes, of course
He meant that because he also said it
These are things that we know that people
eldest son I see him every time I go to
the pharmacy the elderly have in the
booklet with a lot of things in it
plan
chronic and when they go to the
Pharmacy swipes card and prepares you
a little bag with the 800 things that you
have it there in a chronic plan Okay then
There will be some kind of medicine, I don't know.
I don't care, I can imagine where they're going
the shots But oh well
Hey, what's the mother of Claro saying that?
I need that in your house they need
sleeping pills
So apparently the mother of this
person is that I do not want to mention the
Mother, you know, but well, I have to
mention it to explain it, eh, the mother of
This person apparently has certain
medications have been prescribed in a manner
Chronicle Well, for whatever reason it gives me
equal
and the person doesn't always take them
You always need them then. Well then.
as if they are there from Sobrante is that
the days are like bread to the donkey and those things s
On bread days I take half a pill
I think I'm going to sleep, let's go, but it's
that one thing is that you one day
you need it because your back hurts OR
because for any reason yes but let's see
No, I'm not going to go in there because I'm
I present my case, I need medication
to sleep, that is, I have been for several months
that without medication But it can be a
specific season and with medication
I don't sleep. So imagine if I didn't
you know how to take it
but it is true that there is a certain
type of medications that older people are given
eh [ __ ] actually at the time Look at the
that Lio Because of the joke of Take the
little pill and go to sleep there are lots of them
older people who need a certain type of
medication to help you sleep, you know
yes but let's see one thing is because you
you are going through a moment in your life
that you need it and another thing is that
be it that in a house everyone or
either because he has said that in his house
Well, almost everyone needs those hair gels.
Of course the story is that apparently
Peppa, I think she's saying something else there.
which we are not
I understand you no no no no I mean
is saying something else that we are not
understanding has not said it clearly and
It is clearly understood Peppa has
certain medication prescribed by the doctor
prescribed by the doctor
to sleep HM is fine but but not him
arrives because he is not the only person in
that house that pulls those
gummies is that what what what I
I understand, I can't tell you there.
clearly what I don't Clear to see
Let's see, it's very, very easy.
doctor gives you the prescription and gives you, that is, me
In my booklet I explain my case to you
that as I am talking about my case no
nothing happens my case is fine
Hey, I take a pill in the morning.
and a pill at night is worth it. And me
I have to go and I have to or in the
blister packs 30
pills you understand and I every 30 days
It is stated in my health card that
I can go to the pharmacy every 30 days
Of course, for a blister of another 30
pills for the next month happened to me with the
cron medication is counted is
counted is counted is calculated for the
that for what you exactly and with the
inhaler the same inhaler comes to you
for
120 inhalations and I'm supposed to
I have to take one in the morning and one
at night or two months, you understand
So every two months I have to go to
for an inhaler if I go before
spend those two months in the pharmacy
He says it's not your turn to buy yet.
he doesn't have it, he doesn't give it to you clearly, he doesn't give it to you
can I still give it worth What happens if
You have a blister with 30, that is, one
for each day but not only you throw
You'll run out of that blister pack in a month and
You're out of jelly beans, do you understand? Wait
Let's see, what you're saying is
It is more serious than what you are falling
all because
I think the shots go further but
I can't say what I think because
we are talking about what they are talking about now
not that I send you a little box No, it's not
that they are talking about quantities
of boxes that you can take Tom
day that someone in your house is missing
Hey look, I'm going to eat that bread one day.
I'm so nervous I can't sleep
because I've had seven redbulls and you
You take that bread one day but damn what is it?
that you have to do without having a prescription or
nothing and nothing diagnosed for the
all the people who don't have that
medicated spend boxes and boxes Okay already
But of course, of course, yes, me too.
I'm understanding where you're going and I
I've also thought about it but that's all for now.
a double turn to give it a turn No
the one he is giving her, that is, because yes
He is speaking publicly about how he
has done you the favor of having to send you
boxes and boxes because in your house you
He consumes a lot of Gominola, of course, there.
There is something that is escaping us and
It will explode at some point, I think.
already at the levels that we are at
that we are going to see today and they are capable of reaching
those levels of let's see that we are in a
public media we are we are Clear that
we are losing respect for where
we are but we are not in the
street fighting m we are in a middle
Everyone is seeing this and here
some things are already being discussed
It is clear that they are talking about boxes
and boxes are not that box and I send you I don't know
how many boxes and I'll take it to you I don't know
damn, of course I think he's giving it to
understand I don't know if it will be true or
lie, I am not accusing what
I say that he is implying that
in your house for whatever reason they throw
hand to this to sleep because if not no
They sleep. Yeah, sure, how are we going to see but
that you are going to take hold or rather, put yourself
Imagine in your case, you don't have these
pills Well, put yourself at home
One day someone in your family will leave.
Let's have some bread because I can't sleep.
today because I woke up very late and
You take a day of bread to fall asleep, okay?
once, then you stay for a day or two
without di makes bread but so that they have you
what to send
boxes because they talk about boxes I don't understand
Yes, otherwise there wouldn't be so much controversy.
With jelly beans we are not talking about
a blister we are not talking about
We are talking about, let's see, minimum, that is
for what he has said and I am
based on what he has said at least
that he sent to her by mail or by
messaging more more when he went to
Visiting her took another
so much and they say in the chat he said for three
months Of course we are talking about
quantities
alanne of course is that
final no no until it explodes say what
what the [ __ ] do they mean by that
Of course, okay, well, it's because it's because you love each other.
give
Zascas are releasing information that
they are not aware they are not aware of
of the information they are giving for granted
to really give zascas is that in the end it
It's that they are getting into a l but it is
that cannot be given a means
any Well but we have said that
Many times Javi has said that.
the issue is serious the issue is serious not that
everyone that everyone can
stand in front of a microphone to say what
want yes yes by power everyone
everyone is mentally and I or
emotionally prepared to put on
In front of a no no no no, they say "bichu"
but it can surely be sent by
mail to see yes
Hey, you send a package that is from here to
I mean, where is he, and he is
Andalusian too no no no it's that no no it's not
I command, I mean, I don't know if I command it because you
You send a package, so I go to Seur and
in a box, that is, where he lives
in Andalusia too, I don't know where but
come on, so it's a package, that's it.
how are they going to stop it in
customs no but outside ap part that by
no matter what happens, no matter what happens
for something they say Oh, here are some
the delivery men are not pills
doctors and those who are there, that is, not s
that it is, I don't know, that it is something that is still
that you say you know But if they are
medications and pills are not for you
to ask for the prescription to send it. That is you
You send medication, of course they are not going to
let them send a revolver or they won't go to you
let send a kilo of coke you know that
be it cocaine or something like that in bad shape that
say this What is it you know but that they are
pills sold in the pharmacy
Even if they are prescription, no one will give you any.
Ask for ID or a prescription.
to be able to send it because it is thought that
It is for a hospital it is thought to be
for I don't know what the problem has to be
it is
you know but oh well
listen to me on the subject of the lawsuit
I've talked a little today, okay? We're not going.
to say much because I have obviously already
I have said everything I have to say
but this part is up to you
Okay and man, look at least one of them.
I don't know if we count 300 or 400 insults
Of all the live shows, well, look at one of them.
They have justified it, I'm going to put it to you
If the justification is worth it to you, it is worth it.
okay, seeing word by word
that is to say you have to put all the
direct whole and mine it
whole is within a
context the word cat in heat [ __ ]
Now everyone cares about the
contexts suddenly yes no but but it is
listen to me in your case in your case
better keep quiet because the context is
even worse than the loose clip you know
better find out what context there is to tell him
no one cat in
Celio abusers are not the first thing that is not
There is context Javi, the first thing there is not
context but but but on top of that the
The whole clip is even worse because there are 3
hours without stopping saying nonsense O
Let's see the judges are going to be very
It's complicated for them to stick together or to look at each other.
I know if they are 20 or 30 direct from three or
four hours each is going to be very
complicated what it does is the minute goes by
rewind forward skip a bit to
forward a little back to see a
little context And such But let's go the
words and the disqualifications I believe
that they are unjustifiable but come on
is that although because they have been saying
today as if we have it
mentioned her Well let's see I'll tell you
I can mention It's that I can mention you
mentioning I'm mentioning to you what I'm not
I can insult you or rather a
justification that she gave for her
was justified in court No
because I understand that she believes that she is going
to justify this in court when
be there not that I am longing for
Listen to it, of course, if the justifications go
to be as if made so that it has
a minimum has to be that we
we have insulted her and we have insulted her
We haven't told her anything. So,
we have mentioned well what we have said
that Pepa donates to him. Of course, she does donate to him.
Pepa but we haven't said
nothing for the retailer to tell us about
direct that he has dedicated to us and is not going to
be able to justify it and we will see no no no
I mean, I'm still waiting for it to happen.
that shows a single insult of mine Good
Well, here you are going to justify one for yourself.
that you stay calm zeal And the other
day they said that it was that it was being
approaching the ships and yet I
I say that it is getting closer
brushing to stop we're going to
ask here do you know how to put one on
cat in heaven rubbing her ass
He doesn't rub his face against it, it's worth it.
Let's see what the justification is
In addition, it must be remembered that in the
timed that is well timed Also
says poor when he sees it is worth it
justification is that he calls you cat in
jealousy but not because you rub yourself
whole but because you rub your ass
like the catas when they are in heat And now
what the [ __ ]
pass Wait for it
[Music]
look at me at you at you you
sale we are live Yes
yes we are we are live we are on
This is what is going straight up the ass today.
Come on, I don't know, it's the program, it's the
Yes but only every time
you share something every time you share
something is
It falls every time I share but we're back
we came back I don't know I don't know where you have gone
But let's go
and nothing we were saying that
We are looking forward to hearing the testimony
Let's see if she can explain each of the
insults and hey look I think I think
that it's going to be but well yes Or so that
if the justification if the justification
is
It's missing 400 and something insults
But well, we already have
would laugh but not in any way not understood in
true So you don't rub it you know
What happens is you don't rub yourself with them
ships but you rub it with your ass
No. I mean when it is It's that I believe
that they are not agreeing or
They are saying that they don't know
refers to me rubbing myself or
nor that I bring my ass closer, which is my face or
be one is talking about the face that already
You tell me what that has to do with anything.
with cats in heat And of course the bad thing is not
It's cats in heat, the bad thing is that you have
said many words and many synonyms
of the same and you have involved
companions in all this, that is to say,
You were no longer just trying
damage my image but because I want to
damage my image you were trying to
puppets and idiots to my colleagues
Okay, but it's up to you.
eh And then he's saying it's not that
the cats are dragging their asses
When they are in heat, what are you saying?
It is that a 70 year old lady because
He tells me that he always tells me not to say
who is 70 years old 64 let's see that I
I'm not messing with your age.
I repeat a thousand times that to me
I don't care if there are people here, that is
Teresa Alceo community are the majority
over 65 and I am not the attitude and the
What nonsense are you doing? Because we'll see.
Every thing has its time. Every thing is there.
looking well uncle No
I know you have not opened it in fact now
what I was doing while you
you were talking about was closing windows closing
windows for a tube and I have let's go
What I have open is just this
that I have nothing left to do
close you see that I have this open nothing
more than I have nothing more more nothing that I can
close
Okay, come on, we're here, let's see now.
What's going on, well, we have a lot to see
of
videos that what we were saying that
So it's not the age, it's not us
We are putting in with his age what
we are saying that it seems to us
ridiculous that a person to certain
ages continue to have behaviors of
immature people, that is, because a
15-year-old person who does the
[ __ ], you can or you can
within the bad can be justified
because he is an immature person and a
A person who is 15 years old still does not have the
reasoning to know Perhaps How it is
has to behave in certain
situations what can you say
what can't you say you have
that a 15-year-old person must keep up appearances
years a person can be exonerated
64 no longer a 64 year old person
should have a know-how, a knowledge
think about what you can say that you can't
say how you can behave and not but
that it is no longer just behavior
Let's see, there are things that are ridiculous.
that is, the subject of the photograph that we
We laugh at the photograph, let's see me
photography doesn't stop me from taking photographs
each thing in life has its appropriateness
moment and there are photographs that show the
you have cooked the photographs a lot
cooked a lot of in fact Ho has gotten into
In fact, Ho has messed with my physique
I've already laughed my ass off.
I feel Well, apart from the fact that you have to
being blind to mess with your physique
apart from what he has said is that he is
lie because it says that
that she is one that I don't believe either
I understand what it has been
The comparison also does not say that it is not that
One of my legs is the body of someone else
because I'm short, let's see why I am
short but it's that but but although I
case 20 cm Javi but you are more or less the same
less than tall
eh Let's put on Yes but what Let's
put ourselves in the assumption that I I
I'm about 60, so it's not like that either.
I mean it's normal height and
current Let's get in the
assuming that I measure 1660 and she measures
And what a lady that what's mine is mine
solve your problem with some heels
needs reconstruction much more
complete and even cerebral than that I think
that does not yet exist
so much so that I have not
understood, tried to compare himself to you
physically Peppa but apart from that we
We laugh at the photos but the thing is that
photos are funny that the photos are not
appropriate I mean, I haven't had my grandmother
seen posing like this you understand me and I
I personally believe that when we have
I saw it here when I was with the guy
South to dress up as Mini we have
laughing at me in a tutu costume
Mini or not and in the pandemic 40 years
dressed as Mini Claro yes and that we
We have laughed a lot of times Javi in
the pandemic when we were doing the live shows
on the moon because we were all there
locked up and we did a lot
Elena and I have dressed up
we have made the shrimp we have ad things
in the face as a joke. Because
were months in which we were all
locked up at home and nothing happens and I
I watch those live shows and I take them as a joke
God of Look what clowns we were and look what
what we were doing at that time or
be it no no no it's something or rather I don't know I don't know
wait because I think they are getting me
saying that again and I'll give it to him
headbutt eh I swear I'll give him one
headbutt to the direct eh No no no no no
No, as long as we put a video, it's that
I was saying about that is that
I saw before because I went to the osteopath and because
On the way back I put on a piece and
she was saying when we laughed
That's good that she is one that she is
She took that photo because she is a woman
empowered that she is a woman
empowered and asked to become one
photo and how not no no Forgive me Peppa one
An empowered woman is not a woman at all
An empowered woman is a woman who
get up to work and that is achieved
those who work hard and earn respect
being a good person a woman
empowered is not a person who
collects at least 240 turkeys that we know of and
They forget it after 6 months
return it or give it to whoever it is to whom
He has to give the 240 bucks, that's not it.
an empowered woman That's a woman
with a really hard face, okay, you don't know what
What happens is that in the end that speech is so
that was telling us Ah the
feminists I have never said that I am
feminist or in fact feminists
feminists are saying feminist
First of all, I have never been a feminist.
It's more like I believe in equality
real equality So I criticize a lot
usually in this speech that
They try to sell us
the feminists these radicals do not
then precisely with me That that is not
It sneaks in. But the issue of women is good.
empowered or apart from what
you were saying
Hey, radical feminists have understood.
much talk that a woman
empowered can do with her body what
that wants a man or is and they associate it
that she is a woman
empowered can teach whatever she wants and
And that is being an empowered woman no no
no no no no no you can teach what
you want if I don't have any
problem but I told you the other day in
the moment in which you are
doing on a public network to me
You're giving permission, no, no, for nothing.
bad but yes to give an opinion on those
photos that you have posted
publicly but there are things to see
but this is not what it is about. So what?
It has to do with teaching Cacho with being a
empowered women we have to have
Be careful when telling the truth, let's see
the truth is what it is and there are things that are
appropriate for an age and for one
physical and there are other things that are not and are not
This is not even making fun of the person for
the physicist or anything is a person who does not
ASSUME the age you have and are a person
It's just that I don't see my mother posing
I haven't even seen my grandmother posing like this.
so being already so old and that's it and no
I find it appropriate It's just as if I
let's see if you're doing it right
cachon deo so we can laugh Yes of course
Of course, like when I dress up
of the mini, so imagine that I
I show up here in a costume tutu
of the mini and I get offended because I'm
laughing like we are
talking that it seems that we have to
be careful about saying that as if it were
that we were laughing at what
we were giving our opinion outside of one
barbarity No gentlemen, it's that no, it's that no
It's not Sofi Suescum, it's Peppa Bertran
Please, it seems we are here
carefully because it might be that
we are saying something that will cancel me
whatever I want and let them fuse me now
on Twitter whatever he wants because
Whoever is against me will denounce me but
that is that it is like that it is not normal and
period and that is not an empowered woman
An empowered woman is a woman who
work that works and earns
things working
I don't ask for donations and I've forgotten them
I have been making donations for months and I am going
running on Monday to give the 240 that for
true now apparently they have come out
Now we will see what happened today saying that
There was also that day visum that of the
clear visa as it is not known it is not known
how much is in bis but that has gone
running on Monday to give the 240 bucks
trying to catch the turns that the
people don't understand that is not a mu
empowered is a tough woman let's go
Oh I would love to find something, Aunt Lo
What happens that you did not prepare it?
Do you remember the other day on the friky tube?
what I was going to be This
aunt the
Monday when Which of the things to attack you
Of course not to you. Yes, of course, on Monday what
It happens that of course I have not prepared it, no
I know if by the
transcription
Ah tomorrow let's see if I put tomorrow
By the way, yes, it is putting this
putting Pau Pau I saw a clip that is that
I have seen very little but in one of the
clips that I have seen because they had me
labeled
Hey, look, these are some of the photos that are
They laughed and posted one of the photos
that you did put That I say no again
I'm justifying myself because if I get the
I want to laugh at some photos after
that you have been laughing at me for 8 months
river and if it pisses you off you put up with it. Okay but
He wasn't looking at me specifically, he wasn't even looking at me
I wasn't even laughing that's why I
I was laughing because I hadn't seen
those photos because they caught me completely
offside that I was
answering a clip in which you
you were criticizing me, I was criticizing you
answering and as I finished
Answer you Javi put those photos of you
from Instagram and I started laughing
laughter came in because I was
answering Seriously and those photos
They seem anything but serious. But oh well.
buo not the case The case is that Mira said
They were laughing at this photo and continued
put another one that I have not seen that photo in
my life because it was not one of those that you
you put the other day has put three or
four photos are worth the fact that there is
posted another photo that I hadn't seen
in my life he says and this is also known
They were laughing at first, we didn't
We were laughing at that photo because I
I have never seen that photo in my life and
second says eh they were laughing at
is without makeup whenever you want Peppa
whenever you want we do
a live show in the middle without makeup
all of them whenever you want but if it is already
It's not about that, it's that
comparison is simply absurd now
not for nothing but because it is happening
comparing you to you who are 40 years old
with her being 70 or so it is
that the comparison is already absurd
but that O is Javi who does not put if it is
will compare with the physical if
let's go into that and let her put it on
40 and you stand next to it to see who
It's better if I take a picture of myself
when I was 40 but I'm not going to tell you anymore
that 40 let's see who is better is that already
I'm not going to do that to you
Hey, I never usually criticize. I don't like it.
I honestly don't like to criticize
I don't like people because of their physical appearance because
I have had seasons in which they are
thinner seasons in which they are
fatter and that's it, I want to tell you no
I like it because when physically Well
for streaks or whatever I have
I look worse in the mirror. It seems to me like a
ugly blow to attack someone physically
being able to attack for 1000 other reasons AND
I think there are reasons for this lady
there is plenty, but very much so, that we can be able to
criticize her F part of the physical or me
I wouldn't focus on that point, okay, it's that
We are not at that point, I think, here
what is being criticized
It's because of the money thing, the physical one
from her ig has to sound and it will sound very
egocentric this is what I know I'm going to say
I don't consider myself the last Coca-Cola.
I don't even consider myself a desert person.
spectacular not at all in fact
I've said 800,000 times in my live streams
I'm ashamed, I'm ashamed
When they start to compliment me, I'm
something I've never known and you know it
Javi, I mean you know that when you kick me out
some compliment makes me blush yes or no come on
Man, come on now, I'm going to give it to you.
I don't swear to you and whoever knows me
Whoever knows me knows it or
be it but I know it's worth it regardless
that it is not something that
boast or be something I know I'm not ugly O
I'm not going to tell you that I'm the last one.
Coca-Cola of the desert but I'm not one
ugly person then what do I have or what do I mean?
I could go for that point, I think. I think.
personally, much more than her
and I've never done it, I've never done it, nor
with her or with anyone but it is that it is
as if we were as if it were a
the physicist debates but if it is not
a competition this This is not a
competi is a competition to stay
things you don't have to keep anymore
It's out, look, let's see what it is.
By the way, this was part of the scam.
that you were telling me
doing here is part of the deception that I
you were going to see me in 5 or 6 hours and I didn't
you were saying nothing Sure okay Come on
Well, this is what I'm going to put to see what
That's what I said, okay, this is Sunday.
at night to see what I have
I was hoping it would happen on Monday. Well,
You will have had 3000 situations in your life
times worse than this this for Peppa is
nothing nothing Peppa is coming back tomorrow like
and such a thing and he has the nerve for this and
for more. So I think he doesn't give a damn.
but of course it is like that man
victimhood, clear victimhood
sure okay I'm going to go for yes I'm going to go for
parts and you will be there now and this already
I take it personally because I
It seems that this is already crossing too far
the that
Yoana point number one
eh I think I have very little shame
very very little shame 2 hours 10
minutes tells me that Joe says that at 2
hours 10 minutes I say it to see what
Joe Hunter who wrote to me says that 2
hours 10 minutes be careful that Javi
way he makes the climb he knows
And he's waiting to see how the
climb And what does it do?
He knows it and what he's going to do is climb it.
mess with Javi Oliveira Because he is the
way to people who have ex Javi
Bad eh Javi, be careful that Javi is Peppa
He is not going to answer you because you are from Troy
if it gives you
Be careful, think that the one from Troy is not going to take it out
that which says it has to be stronger
still what I have done that I think will go
directed towards things that will have been spoken about
privately I think I have the feeling
that he is headed for things that
they will have talked about
Loli is let's tell her let's go I think
that is heading in that direction, okay? And a
note more is that when you have programmed
he
direct as on Twitter Poor thing
Poor thing. Well, I've already made this argument.
heard before too but
Now they are very full, poor thing.
that we are crushing a woman
Forgive me for seeing basically like this
memory Thanks Joe I think what I said
apart from this that we have heard clearly
I thought he wasn't going to attack the one
Troy because at the moment that
He would attack, eh. The other one already took out the bomb.
what happened tonight of course
He attacked him there, I was wrong because I
I thought it wasn't going to be that vamp
has seen with support and has believed him
sent a message with a threat and the
another goes without fear, the other we already talked about
many times she goes without fear and she
has come up and thrown a
threat and it was believed that the other with The
threat was going to collapse and luxuries of
It has already been this night to come down
It has to be there now today, yes.
You need to sleep with the jelly bean today, yes.
that you will need Gominola Yes but
of course what I said when it takes two
days and not only because of what he has said
ard of Troy, watch out, watch out for what's happening
Loli said in the call, eye that has
strong don't get ahead of yourself Wait for that
that's not yet because we still have
that reviewing the two is that you realize
that we were not there yesterday or that is today
has threatened to come from Troy but she has already
has two live shows since this Freaky
She took it on Monday and Tuesday
been talking about you and me yeah I mean
She was like on Monday and Tuesday
if nothing happened, like the 240 thing
turkeys were a trifle let's see if
if the live goes down
Let me know in the chat and come back, okay, but
She has returned as if nothing had happened, as if
the 240 bucks was a nonsense and a
minutiae and she has returned with all her
normality and with all its freshness and here
nothing happens, so calm, totally totally
Thank you very much, you see.
and no the support has been impressive or
be a support I don't know describing with
word me What a shame there are people
supporting this dude for how many months
Thank you so much for renewing, eh?
Note that it says the support has been
impressive man so much that he is
impressive but even if they had you
supported three would be impressive no longer
see how sad Stop it for a second
sad is what we said I mean not the
They are supporting her. They are. That is what
they want
is to belittle you, to attack you
but of course it's to attack you
They're supporting something disgusting, man.
totally disgusting. Come on then, as it is.
you support the bomb that has been released that no no
We've all seen it, I don't know if you've seen it
you something but V or so I've heard things
loose but while we are
We here live have spent more time
things that apparently I already rasel them
has prepared that now we will arrive
But let's go as they justify and as
defend what happened today is enough to throw you away
to lose humanity
straight to hell with everything
How Elne speaks, for example, is not very
well spoken she point number
one point number two point number three
I see many points there but Peppa, let's see.
yes yes yes that I I am not a thing a
I say a lot about the knitting
number one point number two point number
three I say it many times in fact to
Sometimes I even get the period and and and wrong
but it is that after point number one
and point number two and point number three and
Those who are, I say an argument for
behind What does it say
she or she is behind point n what
What are your arguments? Surprise me.
Peppa Surprise me But say something coherent
at some point Of course, of course
beautiful Troy ard, Troy ard is
He was very offended when I said that
[Music]
Hey, these people
no, he doesn't know how to argue a sentence and put it together
subject and predicate
obviously in that specific thing
I didn't mean that specifically to him
but Peppa, for example, yes. So I
say a coherent sentence from beginning to end
the end is that the nonsense that is you
saying let's see ma'am what
you have to do is go out and show the
The role of donation and teaching that
you donated in June at the time you
The money came to me, everything else is given to me
maybe because you've already been doing it
For a year or so what are you going to do to me?
criticize Anne as she speaks to me, who am I
the chili but I mean you realize
you realize you realize the
stupid things that he says that they are telling you
accusing aunt they are accusing you of
You should have kept the money later.
you went to make the donation afterwards
eh You don't want to show when it's done
The donation, that is, they are making you some
super strong accusations that leave you
the height of the ground and the only thing you know
The answer to that is that the lasnes are low
to the very well spoken donkey and says period
number one point number two and period
number three Javi repeats the word a lot
blanket
Javi, I mean, the arguments are so
absurdities No clear salt teaches the [ __ ]
paper and then and then it continues
dedicating your life to us as but it is that and
then and then if you want it good
that I speak and how short-legged I am that I
The problem is what she's saying
is
in other words, the same thing that has been going on
every day of his life since
the [ __ ] channel was opened to get him out
pasta to Loli to get money from her. Well
we are seeing with a lot of people
you know but since he criticized me he already
He's under anesthesia, so what's the point?
Now here he is saying Yes because the
chili pepper Yes because Uy and it is hab carries
two days talking nonsense, let's see, come out
First on Monday when he returns he teaches it
that you have to teach if it is
lie And then now he continues with the
chili pepper everything that comes out of your [ __ ]
If you are not going to get rid of the obsession
just like you call me on the phone the same
that you are trying to contact me to stop
try to come back here if that doesn't work for you
to remove but first prove that it is not
you have done
That's what we would have shown now.
same Saturday we are talking for for
to say what would be what is not is not
clear it's clear it's clear 150 people
Well, this starts with that one.
That call, eh, to me, that call came in.
also and well it gives me a I don't know if it
You know it's an attack of
anxiety Yes I know very well believe me that
I know very well no but it is that apart
victimizes with an anxiety attack such as
If I had to give a damn
[ __ ] that gives him an anxiety attack
because they caught her with the shopping cart
ice cream, that is, let her let her be
Take the 240 bucks quietly and that
Don't show us paper to see if you have it
donated or not is that we have to see that
They are getting a lot of anxiety that
You're getting it, man, not me, not you.
You are getting anxious because people
is harassing you because he has taken
with you because they are trying to sink you
when you have not hurt anyone, no
no no no you are having an attack
anxiety because you've been caught with it
cart on the side and that's it, that is to say, it's that
You have to have it really hard, that's it, man.
victimize myself with the live shows of
your friend every day Pin Pin Pin
abuser abuser abuser
abuser there he really gave it to me
anxiety attack and I can't get over it
Man, if they catch me and say no
is that you have kept 240 bucks that
you forgot to donate it man if you
have an anxiety attack Why has it happened to you?
taken because you don't have to
Defending yourself doesn't have to be embarrassing
you know No but if it is not that it is that
on top of that, on top of that, of course I
I then remember things and I
I get more pissed off. I mean, this girl is what I get
now with the victim role of me
I did have an anxiety attack indeed
because they caught you with the cart
The ice cream is worth it. Not for what they were giving you.
saying not even Poor thing what harassment
brutal is suffering no no no no no no
In case I told you that I don't know
but in case it did happen to you it was
because they caught you with the cart
of the ice cream but it's that you, your aunt, makes
two weeks you were laughing at me
anxiety attacks you were laughing at
what I told when I got on the
straight from the day of the lawsuit eh And a
a little while ago you were laughing your heads off
ass because these have heard this
ears you were laughing your asses off
how Javi when he was reading the
minuted in the part he was speaking about
I broke what a mess it was
Javi had said that he was a victim
that those tears were fake that
It was all set up and it was a bad circus
She was not the only one who said that the
Tears were lies. Eh yes I know then.
those tears were real because
why there is no need None there is no
need None was already bad and of
all way for what not the first thing that
there was no need None and the second
I know what I talked about with Javi in
private for all these months and I
I know that Javi many times and I said it in
that live has felt bad for how
They were attacking me because he
I felt somehow that they were
attacking me for trying to get to him Okay
then I know that those tears were from
It's true to me what you think
It doesn't matter but you can't say in a
straight away those tears are fake
that it's all fake that blah blah blah
blah blah blah and two weeks later
make the fool of your life but
Besides, tell me in whose head it fits
that they cannot affect you
direct that we were mining at that time
straight man how are they not going to affect you
Javi for God's sake what are they saying?
I have to say atrocities, of course.
because they in their life call us
They see that thing as normal because she is the one
that you have alloyed it so that they tell us
so that the other one eats the demands in
time of her you know but of course or so that
I have to pretend that we are affected by those
live shows that they made us and now you have
to demand this lady pay
lawyers pay, try to have to be
when moving you have to be with him
mental exhaustion while waiting for trial
I don't know what. So I have to pretend.
but you have heard the live shows
why pretend there is nothing
pretend there is nothing to pretend for what
I'm going to pretend, that is, as if no, no, but
We pretend but she has given it to her
an anxiety attack because she has been
caught who donated the 240 turkeys for the
tomorrow to try to deceive us
we had kind of donated them before
eh, what anxiety, eh, how is it?
that he is not a bad person and that he is not
no one is ashamed of anyone else
person would be embarrassed and appear
with the face of a person who is not
bad person and not of this
condition is that for that you have to
To have it you have to be ashamed
It is a condition you have not heard what
Pilar del Mario has now said that no
Well, it's Mario, I'm Mario.
I already knew it, you knew it. So, well,
Hey, Mario cost them 60.
Pilar gave it to Lorena so that Lorena
I would buy it if you knew why it was a
gift I don't remember if it was a
birthday I don't think it was the house
New Setup was not when the Setup
new yes you bought it
another and they wanted to buy me something
for the Setup to be there something was
when Yes it was when I read the Setup then
According to Pilar, he took it and did not admit it.
His 30s were giving him a long time
someone didn't give him 30 it's his condition that
passes through the hand and now now
we'll get to that solang because that's it
impressive how it turns out yes it is
It is true that we have to wait because
Loli has told But well, now seeing that
things cendo you know but we will have to
wait because of course Loli has too
an eh interpretation of reality that
then we will have to see how it is or not A
see me or that is
Yes, I can believe it because I really
I can believe it but but but but how
I have also suffered in my own flesh
that one
person imagines in his head that
does not match reality at all
Eh, well with tweezers and such. I mean, no, no.
I'm going to take something as true because because
I don't know but it's true, damn it
host host cloth
brutal host eh And he gave me a piece of
of incredible anxiety attack
incredible Thank you Argentina love and
I started to hyperventilate and took my
brother to the doctor naturally
they immediately put in a
prick
to be a little more regulated chulapa
warrior we are your warrior you can
call, let's know, Chulapa. Well, now when
I finished this I'm going to put
here when I finish Ah with the 2 of
This is incredible because it is
people, that is, we are talking about a
something that really escapes me
I don't understand how the world is
we are talking about who is a person
who had to leave for a week
because they have caught her, eh, that's not it
had donated 240 that had been given to her
forgotten to donate it to an association
for which he had raised it and that
He's been gone a week to try to get it
I passed on the topic because I had no explanation
that give and come back and is victimizing himself
and there are people doná ole it's that it's that
You have to be an idiot to be in this
You have to be an idiot to be in that chat
still subscribed not even in that
channel that you still enter to see what
This is what is going to happen these days. Well,
I sincerely understand sincerely
idiot idiot is not the
word not me the word is bad person
Javi Because a person who is good
person can no longer support this OR
be the word is not idiot the word
It is being a bad person that they are giving him
donations on top of that comes back later
of
That's thanks. Well, give him nothing tomorrow.
donations also with what they have
counted today and I took them to you
difficult days very difficult very very
complicated of course and so complicated
Exactly Magdalena I can block
where my dad comes out because that's what it's for
Whoever I want enters my house
And they won't come into my house to give me
sticks
No
Danish c users of condition of
members of the Beltrán pppa, my goodness, look
look dona there my mother well well
Well, well, let's start the afternoon well.
all Ah I don't come from Rosa eh from
Rosa, the nonsense that goes
saying instead of clarifying what you have
to clarify with the camera that has me
He has lent me something as a gift, I don't know what
given the camera Angel
and thank you very much indeed
Thank you very much to everyone who is
giving
pasta all F very strong Antonia marical
It was very strong and even though it hurt, what happens? Yes
I'm going to try to do it with
calm down eh And although I'm not here yet
I'm going to tell you all good things la la la
joy that I had on Saturday, Saturday eh
people from the warrior community and
warriors I'm going to pass this on because
You and I have heard this in the
car no this is not what we heard
that they had gone to a party and
there was a state of celebration that had gone
trusted followers not to see her
also to her on the weekend what
we saw on the way to the airport
Yes, well here you saw this too.
ignore this one but come on it's a little bit
so that people can see yesterday's live stream
of what was yesterday's live broadcast
of what was was the flight the ar of
Troy is a traitor I don't know what I don't know
how much is it worth or without
better And here eh here he throws the pick
that she can also tell that if
the other continues saying that she too
can count okay And then I think that
We have already moved on to what we did today, not to what we did today, no
to Peppa's today to Peppa's and
after today's events, give Troy to what happened
today of
Peppa because of course what she didn't tell
Peppa is with that today after After
of his threats, of his warnings
Well, threats have directly told him
that has an audio of him that what he
I would put it so that they take it with them
shackle has said Ok now we are going to do it
see look here it is let's go in fact that's it
First of all, look what I'm going to do to her.
Damn, eh, because eh, I have the one from Troy
that audio that you apparently have
cut from your live I think what I
They said how can I not see you so much
hours that you talk about me but I have it
Here I brought a box of
Doralizes that went to the trash
directly per the brown ones that
I took it no they didn't go to the trash in my
home vegetables are not thrown away
eat that they are
I would eat and take the bag of things to him
apart from you I said
ginol up to
there so you know that
I have so you know I have this.
This is what he talks about in a live broadcast that
what was seen has been cut so you know
I have it if he said it live
speaks well because it is
It is true that it is the same one we have seen
before
that he didn't buy them, he took them, I imagine
you're not going to buy a little box like that
vegetable that's what happens but
Just to tell you that I have it in ard
of Troy and if I'm not mistaken if I'm not
I'm wrong to play Troy, to play with
Gummy bear with recipe in the article
361 when you kept them you didn't care
of traffic even when it became clear
because she is part of that
exchange is what realizing that
would already be part of that
exchange or when when they are
asked for them or accepted them and kept them and
He has not returned them, of course he has not returned them
imported the Art there was no cao in that Good
point I hadn't realized that of course. I mean
She is part of the exchange and is
for your house is that because you want it is that
for wanting to give themselves a real slap
truth is they are not stopping to think
how stupid they both are being
Of course, I hadn't really fallen for that.
Claro point She is part of the
exchange That is, she doesn't not him
the jelly beans appeared in your house
No, she asked for it, the other one asked for it.
She sends, she receives it and they are and are
gummies because at home he asked for it
another I don't know if he asked them or the other one
He offered them and she already said yes.
You have accepted them anyway. So
say there is a message of acceptance and
according to what we have read from the code
penalty I don't know I don't know how much they talk about everyone
those who are in the exchange do not do it
I know the truth But oh well
really for whoever can
consent to the Organic Law of the code
penalizes the Organic Law in addition to organic
the law eh Don't get into more history
Don't take what's mine from Troy because you
A package may fall on you, you may fall on a
package and says if it says it has one
My bomb, shut up because I have to be careful.
with the bomb sometimes it will explode
to his face
Of course because
that audio taking it where I have to
to wear a shackle by the jerk of the jerk
Come on, you call the phone
police with that audio will handcuff him
pull let's see we are talking about that
You can put what we are going to do and what we are doing
talking about I don't know how many boxes of let's see
We are talking about the law that refers to
slightly more industrial quantities in
plan something else, I mean I'm not saying no to you
They can put a fine on him, eh?
I imagine that maybe a bit of a morta
so you know murta from imagine murta from 6
months to 3 weeks or so maybe they are
A 500 euro morta is worth I don't know what.
I know what you can get for that but no
no, they are not going to condemn him, they are not going to condemn him to
prison or anything like that you know but
that the worst thing is that she would be
involved in that
exchange It's that the mother who gave birth to me
Well this has been the warning and
the threat with which Peppa wanted
to stop what the Trojan wanted
count today fine of 240 Exactly what
I maintain Javi Oliveira talks about me for
have visualization But it is serious that
He is serious that he believes it
Well, let's see if we're going to have it
views Thanks to her too
She's had enough of us.
not that everything that has eaten has
eaten thanks to Javi Veira has not said
that we are going to use it to go up
visits s of course so
I haven't understood much of one thing
I'll tell you again, I'll tell you again
say you have to talk about us to
upload views, [ __ ] off
Mariloli you have to have it eh You have to have it
that you have to have them very square
very square is that he is a person who
He has no shame, that is, He simply does not
is ashamed look here is what
We were talking about the photo that we
We laughed at your photos, it's just that we have to
have little shame your channel is
based on the fact that it got caught like a leg and
I didn't want to let go until the donor
took her from this channel that she now
We'll see how it turns out too because
also appears in today's live stream
I know if it will be in this thread But oh well no
It wasn't the Troy thing that Loli had
came out saying that she was watching the
Loli's purse that every time she
Loli donated on another channel she was going to
with a screenshot like Loli
that I have seen you, you know that I have seen you
seen or rather it is that what a strong man what
That seems strong to me, we already said that
in its day yes yes but but or so that
I mean, let Loli herself say it.
that he sent him screenshots privately
because Peppa has said publicly
that he had control over what he had donated
on each channel but after each
donation send a message to Loli
to let you know that I've seen you
I think it's brutal Javi brutal. I mean you
You send me a screenshot now.
I send 10 on whatever channel and you send me
a message telling me that you know that you
I have seen and I send you to take it up the ass.
What? And what do you say to me and what do you say to me tomorrow?
I'll send it to you, you'll get the [ __ ]
control your cousin, but you have not
seen nothing of the live since then
this afternoon no loose clips because it is
that la la Loli I don't know if there is any
clip but Loli has been with her in
the live today talking for a while and
mocking the lawsuit we are going to file against him
put it on and Pepa telling him to put it on now
put it on there Yes I have seen loose clips
but I haven't seen the live show as such
Well, until this afternoon I say there is the
Loli is completely taken by her
and and I this afternoon until until it has
she finished her direct until what
I saw this afternoon I left
thinking that Pepa was staying with
the
Loli, I'm here this afternoon, but we'll go later.
of what we are going to see tonight but it is
which has surprised me because I even
This afternoon when I saw Loli
there with her mocking the demand
eh And Peppa trying to convince her
that nothing happens with what he told us
Well, honestly, I don't stop. We
We have dedicated it live to him that it doesn't happen
nothing to what he told us you know well no
It seems to me that it doesn't seem to me to be something that
make fun of it and maybe maybe eh in
the trial really takes into account the
consequences that it has brought to the
I think he has done stupid things
when I read when she I don't know if
will hire a lawyer or whatever
I imagine she will do that when she goes to
find a lawyer if you don't have one and
I think that the lawyer will see it when he sees it.
not the timing but the videos because
Of course she says you don't have to minute it
whole video not the videos are
present whole so that he can
play it in full. I mean, I think that
There they will notify him and they will tell him you know what
you have very few possibilities here no O
I think I'll see that it's not
for taking something for granted but
I understand that I It's that look you know what
pass I, I mean can I enter the
game we talk about some we talk about
others joke you throw me
I'm not joking with this, let me explain.
I'm not joking about this. I mean, if I tell you that
I have filed a lawsuit against you, take it very seriously.
Seriously, because it's not a joke nor is it a
so you stop talking about me no no no
No no the demand has already been made so
What you've already said about me is all the same to me.
what you say from now on will not
but apart from that, you know that I have
thought of why she after
That claim is filed about
I have not followed the timing but it is
that apparently after the videos
until those who until those who minute and and
we put in that lawsuit that I don't know if
It will have arrived. I think it hasn't arrived yet.
But then there is another one that has followed
saying well and said it wasn't happening
nothing and well today he hasn't said any insults
But he has continued to do live shows.
insulting this weekend on Saturday
I was in Córdoba and I was
sending people things that were
saying and said something like Oh what is it
what did Lorena say? It's that it is
that this woman is being sued and look what
what are you saying or what are you saying and I'm going to tell you
put another one that I'm going to put it on myself
alone and I'm going to put another one with the
following videos too and I do not accept
because people are saying ch Well but
is going to ask is that I do not accept any
agreement other than compensation
and to compensate is to accept what is given to you
asks in the lawsuit It is not for nothing but
because lasne has been through a lot
of weeks of suffering in my house
also my wife also listening to me
mother listening to him the lawyer has done
I had to eat his work with him
with with with tesa a [ __ ] week
swallowing that [ __ ] [ __ ] here until
the Saints of the night minute and I
The only thing I'm going to accept is if you don't want to
She wants to go to trial early.
accept the first-hour demand for
We love each other, time is worth it, but we forgive
not my daughter, that is to say the damage is there
done and this Now you don't forget you know
This is not forgotten as is the week that
has swallowed this one which is the one that passes it
worse is not forgotten that does not stay in
nothing, let's go, I'm not going to allow it, I
Neither of you tell me that we are going to
forgive not jokingly nor jokingly nor
coñima
let's see, they laugh at this, they laugh at
This is a woman, older than May.
day eh
a professional photographer went to take a photo
photo of macarni with a boy with smoke
a story debated again this
We have already explained it before so that
Damn, I need to see the photos.
again a little thing that before
explain it but how did it get in
Loli l a Loli has been with her for a month and a half
I said attentive to
This would not give me any donation or
super chat neither this nor that she
He told Loli not to give this or anything.
The other thing was clearly given to you by Irene León. That is
but apart from that, how the hell are you going to tell me
say that two months ago or I don't know how much
You've told Loli for a long time that you won't
done and publicly we have seen the
donations But what are you telling me if
we have seen it
publicly How long ago did Irene appear?
the lion on stage because it might coincide
in time with when supposedly
He said don't give me gifts
but I wouldn't say that Lolly's thing makes that
Irene León appeared but she is not
Irene León if she has done it with her
That is, with her name, Loli has
donated publicly in recent years
months publicly with his name also
but that looks like a Loli León that has
exactly the same way of speaking and
the same way of donating as the other one
It seems like we are going to have luck and fortune
don't see the [ __ ] everyone finds it
pppa and I can't find one like that for
that he
I don't want any sauce, I'm telling you no.
I want people like that, not Vero if she goes as a dona
yes yes but not that it behaves like
she not for
That's clear
but yes of course but it all comes in a pack or
I mean if you're going to come But you're going
contribute like this no and it goes in the bread No but
man we live off the contribution of the
people like that of course, that is to say all those who
donate in that way it appears to you Hey all
They go to the Canal of
Most honest Peppa to the most honest Channel and
They think what Peppa does is wonderful.
then I don't know and much less you I think that
since April No since April no
I have a garden that hasn't had one since April
Bizum and a half I told him that I didn't want to
that I didn't want money, that please don't tell me
send
money that also leads to the fact that
people think they are giving to someone else
person But if it is that anyway
In the debate itself it turns black when
I tell Loli Loli not to give even 1 euro
let's see what happens and what happens
It says black that here we have the
image becomes like this and says who you are
to tell Loli not to donate and if
She wants to donate What's up, do you know?
and she can't do anything with her money
whatever he wants as always but
I asked him not whatever he wanted, no.
because you control what you give him
the desire is not exactly what the
wins doesn't mean you're going after her
capture to
control him
eh And and up to here I can I can
to say that is
lie the day he gave him 50 memberships
Antonio what did Antonio say? Oh look here.
There is Loli Huerta Loli Huerta was
talking to me on the phone and said I'm going
Let's see Antonio who is in
I say straight, okay, look now at a
detail when it counts
This is when Loli Huerta realized
that Antonio was speaking ill of
He called me again, saying that my aunt is giving him a hard time.
50 memberships I didn't know I was there
speaking badly I say how loud how loud
What have you caught here man in the
moment when you have to call
justifying yourself is because you know it's going to work for you
to get angry with the other person because
If you haven't given a saint, what are you calling for?
justifying yourself
Of course yes yes yes now that we know the other
clear, that is, if I enter a channel and
I give 50 memberships to Santo de what I am going to
to have to call you to justify myself
Saint of what
eh it's because it's because it's because I know of
I'm going to get a lot of dripping water from the
another person
there resilience for what has been said
loio that now we will see the pppa each
time that the
trincabelli
whether he was on Antonio's side or on his side
Well, he told something that fits with
what Loli has said that Loli
running there half cowardly the flame
to give you explanations of why you
has donated 50 Members to the other but what
Damn, you're going to have to justify this to this one.
what you do with your money please
No, but I'm going to tell you more. Look.
I'm going to tell you something else, Loli.
bu neither to this one nor to anyone what the [ __ ] look at it
What he is saying is that Loli did not realize
He says that Ar de Troy was talking
bad for her because she was talking to
her on the phone and donated to her because she
donated and that's it, yes, Lolly doesn't see the
direct and do not usually hear it are based
in what they are telling you, that is, me
I don't believe that Loli then started to
look back at the live and so
quickly realized how to
call her to tell her Oh, it's that Don
that I was speaking badly of you, that is not true.
been like that no no but oh well anyway
Javi Likewise So you call
running away in fear to justify yourself
It seems to me that it says a lot about the
type of relationship type
controller that they sincerely have
Of course, Kinc had it since Telesalseo.
If they wrote down a notebook, the visus wouldn't tell you
Do you remember that he said it? Yes, then yes, yes, you go.
to put the you are going to put the piece of the
Loli's call I don't know what rasel me
I have prepared what she has sent me
the cli Well if you put it I say it there and
If I don't tell a thing about this
Okay, I know what you were talking about.
with me okay we went through this too
Okay
This is what he said before
you see a leg Look it says a leg of
Peppa's is the body of
alne Well
Yes, I am very worried, what else is
that I have been with her in person and
I think she's smaller than you, huh?
be it but anyway you are not here
small I don't care either way
Look, it matters.
or he has forgotten because he did
She knew but suddenly she is very indignant
with some c of mine and I am a
monetized is very offended that I
insult someone no ...
hands on head that day was
affected what she has to know is
that she at any moment is going to be
demanded but quantifying
quantifying you see that he loves me
claim that I'm going there to Seville but AND
Who told you that the demand was
Javi is going to put It wasn't mine to what I
I was referring there, of course, to her
who has told her clearly who
He said that the lawsuit will be from Javi
She's a loose mouth she has me
said some insult that I have
timed in case it keeps growing but not
has said nothing at the level of the other As
to get into a lawsuit because she
send people to do it hopefully
She would have made a mistake. Of course, but
I've said that a lot of times
modus operandi of this is to heat the
ear so that others can sacrifice themselves I have
said a lot of times she she knows
perfectly that I do not like her
She has sued people and there are people who
has sued her in life This
Lady is coming back now you know then
She knows how far she can go
talk and what has not insulted me there is
many insults that I have recorded and
certified in case you delete them
not only on her channel but she
Entering Loli's Channel has made me
insulted her too but she
warm up the other so that she can say it
another demands things demands the
The other one says that he has messed with yours
operations because you called her old
first to
see are bad likes to laugh at of the
people of the physicist
from when he says that I have sent him to
operate not what you tell me old and
that I'm worthless and I tell you but
is that you are worthless as
person I old I have not told you you are not worth it
nothing like a person who has a lady
70 years old sitting on his couch every day
in a nightgown talking about me and with a
persecutory attitude That is, it has not been
said at no time has it not been said
never say that you are worthless
because you are blonde, brunette, tall, short, and fat
or skinny or because you are 64 or 20 years old no
You are worthless as a person and you prove it
You have been proving it for months with everything
the world that is absolutely close to you
everyone and you have to have very
little shame very little shame
to cry in the corners of which
They mess with your physique when you are wearing
It's been a long time since I met you
you practically laughed with him
physical of all God you have messed with him
physique of those on TV you have laughed at
of the physique of people with whom
you were arguing you laughed at the
physicist of the Merimer flight of the
mine of all of all aunt you have
messing with everyone's physique
Then don't come to me.
Ah offended but what are they
saying in the chat also that it has to do with
It's bad that they call you old, I'm not that bad either.
for me, a 64-year-old person
years no I can't call her old man no
She's old, but come on, if I told her
Hey, let's see, maybe he
I can say that it is too old to do
which
Hey, you know what's going on, let's see
Of course, for example, I mean, I, she plays
with the words for Mrs. No Claro
Of course, let's see, me personally.
but because I've done it all my life
It's not for now me, it's my grandfather.
He always told me how old they were
rags Okay then as Since
Little one, they always told me that about old people
They are the rags, I replaced the word
old by the word old I mean
I'm not saying he's an old person
is not a sufficiently person
too old to not do what he does
What happens is that I, instead of that, say I
older and you say old but the
meaning exactly the same as I
I told her she was old, eh, or whatever. But oh well.
Even if you said it Even if you said it
used the old word Let's go
let's assume that we are not going to
I don't know, I mean I don't know what either.
because we are live for many hours and
sometimes you can dance a word
that really what has been said
all the time it's that you're too old for
make a fool of yourself in many things in which
that you make a fool of yourself, aunt, and stop
behave how you behave that's what
that I have said what I have always said that
I'm disgusted by a 70-year-old woman but
How strange, let's see, I'm not saying no to you.
talk about intercourse and things And such But what
What is this lady doing? It's weird, or is this
70-year-old lady with two children my age
He says, "Well, two children my age, no."
two older children who are older
I think they are four or five years each
older than me is that he puts on all the
afternoons at noon with Javi Oliveira
but now I bought some
chili peppers and I bought some olives
weird and it makes me cringe, okay, of course, I mean
Imagine any person who doesn't
that it is not because of age, or rather in the end it is not
we can enter into age Because the other
day we had the example with opposite
Javi, that is, the other day when a
50 year old person had a conflict with
a person of 20 we said that the
Age is not an excuse to do the
[ __ ] if it is not an excuse to do
the [ __ ] at 20 much less for
being an idiot at 64 but the thing about
Franco is with little princesses one day
punctual that the two face each other and
It hooks you just like I got hooked on
Antonia just as I have criticized the
Peeing is fine, but this lady
sits down every day
per
Good morning, olive oil sauce
no no she if I'm a [ __ ] week in
Porto has been making up the excuse
for jav oliveira because for now
her fight is giving him a visit and
is giving them views
because people are hooked on this [ __ ]
Ok, but a month ago they weren't there.
hooked and have to say Jai oliveira
because the afternoon she tried Well
Well, I'm going to talk about Antena 3 despo
The public was left with 300-400 people
and it was no good to him And then half of the
And Javi took the vest directly, he said.
that has been bought and that's it. And that's it.
It's there, that is, sun and they have told me
in the face that they were not going to stop without
even more so if they have told me so to my face
I don't know what that was that I was denying.
yes in the debate that you follow
operating
that you follow me
operating is that the lady who you are is rare
you continue operating and if I continue operating
What would be the problem I don't understand either
What would be the way to insult there?
you continue operating Of course, now if
Suddenly my ears fall off.
I'll put them straight, I know I won't do it.
what I want, not what you want
balls no
Oh, you guys noticed all the nonsense.
that is speaking without giving explanation of
the 200 40 turkeys that Wait wait that
message for Ana Cotillas
Also, well, yes, everything except everything except
the 240 turkeys he has made in these two days
c of the ass already or everything except the 240
turkeys
Gossip keel I know that you laugh
and you laugh a lot when I'm funny
I'm not 100% ready to tell you anything.
But yesterday at the last minute you touched on something
and find out how the story happened
in that
space maybe I didn't want to touch it
because I am not in a position but
The best thing these days I'm going to play is
You're going to play less The donation
find out if you don't ask me why
wherever and I'll explain it to you
because as you say those things, I
I have never spoken about those or about the one
the people When he said and said here that
I never talked about Mental Health
until you yes no Mental Health
you never speak until you have
agreed until it has suited you
because you had to cover up the mess and no
Have you thought of a better way to
victimize yourself with the issue of health
Mental because you know it's something that
It generates a lot of empathy, right? Peppa, you know?
because it generates a lot of empathy because there is
many people who have a bad time and you know what
What happens to people who have a bad time and see
that there are people who are using it
to play the victim to cover up a mistake
that makes us want to send you to the
[ __ ], that's what happens to us people who
we really have a problem or what
we are having a bad time or we have
past bad or that we have had someone
close one who has had a bad time is what
It happens that it's really Uf And there is
with topics that I really can't
eh I can't I can't use it no
that Javi comes to me. Well, when I get back to
Javi, I'm going, that is.
that tried to deny It's that I don't know if it
I have understood well or badly but I think that
has tried
deny that the other day was happening
referring to what was happening
referring to So then, well, it's not
deny because it is completely true
we all hear no no but of course what
what I understand here is being
and don't tell me that you don't
Tell me it's a clip because that is, yes
They are very close and totally friendly people
confidence that has heard the space
whole and I know and say exactly the same thing
that we saw in the clip And those people
I was climbing up the
clear walls No but no but it's that
literally said I This week I have
very bad state if it were another type of
people who do not have the mental strength
that I have would do something else and this
week there are people who would do with less
another thing about leaving, leaving here,
leave this world and I this week the
I understood that. That's what he said, or rather, like
saying gives to
understand
ad gave to understand that she also that
he said it he said it literally almost
He said it almost literally.
Oh, FJ is talking to me now.
that will be over, it is not worth it, it will go up
the FJ
you
we put the baby up or
what we uploaded to
Baby, let's get the baby up, obviously.
Yeah
eh obviously we are going to go up to
Boy, I got a membership to FJ today.
I couldn't see your live show. Of course, if that's the case.
You're all gossiping You don't know anymore
where
enter you no longer know where to enter Well
Well, while they upload, give it to a friend
Rocío Gómez Well that could be a key
yes while it goes up do not forget
subscribe click the button
To subscribe, just press the button
subscribe and click the button
like press the subscribe button and
press the button
like let's see what's happening now
Troy, let's see, I'll give it to Troy.
kiss Maribel
Beautiful, let's see what Troy is burning about.
He just wrote to me
write photo was telling me no see
the one that came out or not and I'm telling you
Well, we're about to touch it. Get in there and
there there there go up there
get up there get up there today it's totally crazy
I'm here but what's up Karime I'm here but
I'm giving it to the vice eh but you already
I listen and read and everything that comes up
FJ yes yes yes yes I have heard you I have heard you
listened Ok then I'm going to put the
first clip okay you're listening no
yes yes ok I'll put it
eh How is it that I gave so much and now I give
very little for you No
Yes Antonio, I'm here.
Hello, good night, my mother.
that you have told it to yourself or you are telling it to me
asking me not what you have said
what I have said is true and if it is not
It is certain that my mother who is here does not die
Yost is that what you have told me is
has said
Ok, the fact is that I have spoken about it
This with I understand that this is in order
chronological not racel because this to the
that have not yet entered here
drummer Good night ugly good
nights I'm getting longer than I've been
Here for 3 and a half hours, the kid is leaving me today
to
kill here what he is talking about is that
already out of
Trojan chambers has told something to
Loli is here
I understand what I have been saying
months that Pepa has been climbing from behind
I've been talking to a lot of people and I'm going to tell you
I'm going to take this out to Loli now.
ask for this Ah, I'm going to ask for another one and
I'm going to take out the money, you know, whatever it is
We said it here, I told him to his face
That night I told him to his face and no
he cut a hair and of course yes with a lot
Even strangers have gone
Speaking of which, I understand that
Conard of Troy had to be
eh tremendous I mean I think with TR
I'll call Loli, I'll call her.
say that I want this I'm going to tell
the Loli that I want the other one, that is, with ard
of Troy must have been an outrage and
then I understand that the battle of Troy is
will be telling Loli Peppa that he has
said Hey there's something that's bothering you
betraying well I have betrayed him many times
Peppa told you not to talk so much that you
They are not betraying, but it doesn't matter.
say if it has already arrived to say that which you
you said
It's because it's never been my
friend, how do you stay there, huh?
Aside from that I can also
say that every time I did a super
chat on one site or another because she me
the screenshot came
behind it
s
She told Loli O's Super Chat
be her here you remember it's to catch
for the next ones, of course, this is her
There was a click but I don't remember where
There was a click that escaped her
that here he told The Super chat that he gave
Loli gave so much on one night, and another night
That is, she takes inventory of what
Loli lets go while she was going
contacting and was working hard to
take it away Yes yes yes Good night alne
I haven't told you anything, eh? Look, I'm going to
say something
apart from the bombshell that comes after or
no Ho ya or is this
bombshell this this This is the one bomb
nuclear I would say man that has been that
It has been a small preview of the bomb
Okay, eh, I'd like to say one
thing I know that Loli can't even see me
Okay, for whatever reason, Loli no.
can neither
see me but I have a message for her Ah
eh indeed Loli I confirm to you
I confirm that Peppa has not been your friend
It is never worth it because we hit it in the face in
the same debate I had with her
But I'm going to say it even more clearly.
I'll tell you even more clearly in
November November of last year
when Peppa didn't have her channel yet
I have messages from Peppa saying that
the bizum number will be entered when
I went up with you to Teresa's debates
seo and that he was going to tell Loli that he
came and saw the bizun number
to see if that night she was generous and
one fell on him
donation November last year Loli
We have been warning you for many months and
You have not wanted to listen to us because you
they were poisoning against us
Because they were telling you that the attack
It was against you for many months
you have been led to believe that the attack was
against you and look at what he has done to you
taken eh look what it has taken you to
to be sued by the string of
the atrocities you have told us
Okay, and we've been warning you for months.
We have been telling you the truth for months
We have messages, we have evidence, that is.
it takes a long time a long time
trying
trying to get money from you, aunt, a lot
time or the only real one
the only one who truly believed that
Peppa's friendship with you was sincere
It's you Loli You're the only one who knows it
has believed because everyone else is that
They weren't suspicions Loli, it's just that we have
proof that he was after your money, aunt
but there was no need for any
conversation nor that the climber is it
I would have told anyone that only
you had to have an eye to see a child
The boy cheats on him but not on us.
deception But in the end If you don't have
proof of something If you have no proof
From a conversation they can tell you
that you are a bad thinker. You understand me.
what you have to say but there is
tests then at the time when
There is evidence from a year ago when Peppa
I didn't even have a channel and it was already
saying that next to the name was going to
put the number of the bizun and that he was going to
notify Loli to see if she was there
generous with her tonight is worth it in that
moment the intentions are already very
obvious
I mean you're saying it clearly that
You're going to tell Loli that you're going to put
the vizum so that he gives you the money
It is only valid with the moment of the
direct in which I tell him Hey exists
This is because they had told me so. Because I
Several people came to tell me such and such
There is such a thing and then they went on the flight
also and there are also people who do not
I know that they also had
similar conversations or that is to say that by
what was seen has not been cut from
making fun of Loli while taking her out
the pacha and has not been shy in speaking and
and many j ations of it or so no
It is that or that is and here with the reaction
of her when I tell her you give me
permission for me to find this and
put it as it was you see that the
Clo's answer: Of course, but what I'm getting at is
is that during all these months and without
wanting to justify Loli because what
has done Loli has no name and in fact
There are the consequences, okay?
wanting to justify Loli, eh, what I
I see very clearly that Peppa was there
for a long time canle cont us
because I didn't want to under any circumstances
that Loli could believe our message
So what did he do? Aren't these against you?
These people are against you, what they want is
to separate us what they want is that I don't
I upload you to my channel what they want is that
I don't give you a voice etcetera etcetera
etcetera and day by day by day by day I don't know
how many hours a day because that's what they have
They said that speaking hurts him that no and he
It hurts that you don't donate there Give me the money to
I am very strong and that kind of
comments from Oh, I don't know which channel that is on
has donated 100 euros and is here donating
only five of that there are
lots with lots of people because they do it
I think I think I don't know if yesterday or today
responded, that is, he has named you, he has named you
said silly thing and you and you and he has denied
She knows it deep down but she has
denied what you were saying about
afternoon exactly in the afternoon at night
later he knows it deep down and is no longer a
that now it is seen that now the one from Troy
tell him the one from Troy Well it seems that
Now it's worth it because he told him so.
Tania told him, he told him a
a lot of people and it seems that it has had
to tell the one from Troy so that now
He entered and told the Trojan that
Aunt, look, she told me that
also and not only not only not only not
not only for him but because he is a person who
Peppa Beltrán gloats so much that her
community that does not need 1
people who actually went to visit her
Saturday and they were partying and it's
in my life and that and it turns out that people
of her community have betrayed her and have
spoken with Loli showing everything that
Pepa Beltrán speaks to her
back
Ugh no and on top of that the bad guys will now be
those people who have betrayed
Peppa telling Loli the truth
[ __ ] you, they'll still be the bad guys on top
You know that thing about the morning? Well, let's go.
I think now comes the big part of course.
Now comes the big part
eh la
bomb bomb
the strong bomb family eh the threats
who has received ard of Troy this afternoon
Well, the effect that Peppa had has not arisen
I believed that I had the possibility of emerging
and far from being intimidated, the
bomb when you start jumping from the
language or you go to the civil guard
report me for trafficking
gummy narcotics
No, I'm going to stop by the Treasury and
I'm going to tell the story of a
house of a house that was in
rent
Ugh, one.
house that later turns out not to be a
rental that had been a
payment That rent was the form of payment
So let's go, I put things
Claritas the association in contact with
Loli and Loli contacted the
association, that is to say, everything was clear
Two things have come together here. What is it?
I haven't paid for the house and the rent.
understood because I have also heard it
from the same place I think So there has been
there is a cut here there is a cut here
There is a brutal cut Yes because now it
What's coming is the priest Claro
Of course, but now you look for that, no.
Clear part of a
I pay part of a clear payment that is not here
the transcription is still there because
It just became clear to me and Here is Loli
Before Loli comes in, she'll put the good stuff on
see that it doesn't jump Why I put Loli in
he
I take out a stone instead of a heart
Well I don't imagine that if it's not here it is
that must not have been very strong, that is.
has dropped as if the house has been
part of a payment of I don't know what. That is
see that I would be involved or rather I think that
that what he meant to say is that the
that she pays to see that she has remortgaged
the house that would take money for
whatever and remortgage the house It's that
I don't know what the rent thing is there
paying like rent for the house
because it is part of a payment I
I understand as if it is strong Well tell me the
minute sisuka
Please change the subject and explain it later.
Ah, Valeo explains it later before
enter the
Mrs. Beltrán's money
made in February a
Well, Loli made the donation in
collusion with Peppa's mother
we are going to say his name I have to know the
name
Deppa
cao she knows in my donation also
he put Troy or he put my name for
that it was known
association of which channel
came but the concept of the donor
It was LoL Huerta and the beneficiaries were
Spanish my name appears so that
knew the association's whereabouts
came and in Peppa's case it was put in
one the name of Augustinite so that it is
I knew it was like some kind of
Augustinian donation to that cause
showed it showed it
Loli, well, the bomb, the bomb here here
where
ent whoever wants to work
search and Mrs. Peppa Beltrá not only
you're going to have to show the [ __ ] date
from the last one
donation I reminded him of the vizum that
received that day that I think he received
bizum I'm not sure about that but I think
Yes, this is it. Well, that is, this is what it is.
she will have spoken to him when she is
saying this because he has spoken with
She No yes but yes but then I have
seen a clip where Loli said that she
that day he did not send him bizun, so in
In case there are bizun they are from another
person no no no no Loli eh when it
He is saying it because he knows it because yes
no, it doesn't occur to her suddenly. That is her.
ask for I imagine Yes but the same
He hasn't spoken to Peppa like that at all.
of the people that Bizun Ha sent
contacted him you understand okay okay or
Be clear in the collection of the
clear cancer We know The Super
chat that there was but it is that now for the
I have seen people who may have
contacted Antonio and told him Hey
but I gave it to him
visa could be m we have no proof
are we do not know clearly we do not have but
when this one is dropping it anyway
that is leaving not to see that if it is
dropping it will be for something I imagine
But just in case, let's take it
with tweezers But well there it is
information because Claro yes it is
It is true that we had not had any in the bizum
fallen host of course we hadn't
thought eh But why the hell haven't we
thought that because in the end we
we went to the public because as the bizun
You have no way of knowing who has
given nor how much nor anything, let's see what the
home
257 let's see what the hell is going on with the
home prepare your body so that you
comes
above all, mother of God, the one who comes to him
Besides, what Hacienda says is true, yes.
because she is very interested in knowing the
for sale of a house in the
center of the hull
old and that the time has come
to write and deed a rental or
one that you have already collected in advance Oh
but the time comes to sign papers
It is a doubt that I have, how do I do it?
would you do
you How would you do it I have
a house that is rented to a family
They have renovated the house for me
paid the house in installments little by little and
everyone tells him about the rent
but the time is approaching when it arrives
the last payment and the man wants
writing How to see if there is someone
can provide legal advice in the chat that
I'm curious, I don't know if I should go to
Treasury and ask why he does it like that
I do it It's going to cost me money that I don't
I have it because I've already spent it.
I've spent it Sorry I've charged the
house on credit I have spent it has not been
provident is a rental with option to
buy I understand my mother what
I understand that of course she is accusing him of
she to receive the money or that is for
which
be clear you are not referring to the
house where you live I understand that you are
referring to another house that he has rented
has collected the money from a rent with
right to such And it turns out that of course the
rent-to-own
after a certain time to see Claro you a
rent with an option to buy those who
I looked at that time
eh about the price of
buy when the time comes
buy or rather it is not usually put to Well
to two years or to three years or to years Okay
So when you reach those 5 years, yes
You decide to keep the house because
It is not mandatory But if you decide